 With implementations of the two application frameworks - SAGA based Sector-Sphere and the SAGA-MapReduce implementation , we also demonstrated Type II ALI : applications can seamlessly switch between backends by switching frameworks encapsulating different programming models .
 Finally , by concurrently using Sector-Sphere MapReduce and SAGA-MapReduce , we demonstrated Type III ALI , allowing the application to span a wide variety of backends concurrently , and efficiently .
 If it moves by M2 , the next membership move will have to be M1 and there will not be any membership moves after this move .
 Also there can be at most MATH consecutive pointer moves as any pointer move by a node MATH results in MATH being unprivileged and MATH can not be privileged by any pointer moves of the neighbors .
 Throughout the book , we make very little , if any , differentiation between the use of spectra in either the visible , ultraviolet and near-infrared range .
 Let MATHDISP be lower and upper MATH - limits of the sequence MATHDISP , respectively , where MATHDISP .
 We refer the reader to CITE for more details on public-coin hash functions .
 We 'll call this the `` static membership '' model , although many readers might want to think of it as `` basic Paxos '' .
 We also compare the best results obtained from our RGB-D based methods , i.e. , 3D-MHIs and DLMC-STIPs -LRB- SPM -RRB- with the state-of-the-art action recognition methods using RGB images , e.g. , dense trajectories -LRB- DT -RRB- CITE and depth images , e.g. , bag of 3D points -LRB- B3D -RRB- CITE .
 We can see that fusion RGB and depth information -LRB- DLMC-STIPs -LRB- SPM -RRB- -RRB- outperforms single modality based methods .
 It was Dehne , Fellows , Langston , Rosamond and Shaw CITE who pointed out the kernelization possibilities of iterative compression .
 On the other hand , the iPhone 4 is slightly faster than the former model for the sending and rendering stages , but booth are twice slower than the fastest Android in this last stage .
 Preemption deserves a particular attention since not much tight bounds have been proven for the worst case performance of scheduling algorithms when preemption is allowed , and since Garey and Johnson derived an algorithm that solves optimally MATH .
 Since in this case the first move is push and the last more is pop , there exist MATH , MATH and MATH such that MATHDISP .
 FP-tree for mining frequent itemsets without candidate generation was proposed by Han et al -LSB- 2000 -RSB- .
 Compression of frequent itemsets using clustering was carried out by Xin et al -LSB- 2005 -RSB- .
 Ananthanarayana et al -LSB- 2003 -RSB- use a variant of the FP-tree which can be built using one database scan .
 The role of discriminative frequent patterns in classification is analyzed by Cheng et al -LSB- 2007 -RSB- .
 We observe that the decision boundary does not approximate well the maximum margin decision boundary .
 Using 100 trees REF c provides a reasonable approximation to the maximum margin location and a smooth transition class posterior .
 The fact that MATH is a divisor of MATH immediately implies that any schedule for MATH of length lesser or equal to MATH must not contain idle times .
 It is obvious that any schedule for MATH of length lesser or equal to MATH also has to contain no idle time units .
 If MATH is larger or equal to incumbent utilisation then the move is accepted , otherwise it is rejected and another move tried .
 Note that there is an implicit assumption that it will be given a set of events that is large enough that the maximum utilisation will be less than 100 % ; otherwise the landscape will be flat , precluding meaningful hill-climbing .
 In the following theorem we prove that the Sakai-Kasahara IB-KEM scheme can be used to construct a VRF -LRB- i.e. , that it actually provides unique decapsulation and pseudorandom decapsulation -RRB- .
 Mirroring Micciancio and Warinschi CITE we require , for simplicity of exposition , that simple protocols use no cryptographic primitives other than public-key encryption -LRB- with certified keys -RRB- .
 Clearly , such job will be always scheduled last in an optimal solution to -LRB- REF -RRB- and REF .
 This approach divides the whole image into MATH or MATH sub-windows respectively .
 Each pixel in a sub-window is processed by a different hash block .
 On the other hand progressive rendering requires some of the neighboring pixels being updated as well .
 For example , after the first hash block has been processed , every pixels values in a sub-window is updated with the computed pixel 's value .
 Theoretical benchmarks for simple digraphs show that the new parallel algorithm CAP-PFB is superior to the traditional forward-backward iteration FB and can significantly improve many of the traditional vertex priorities approaches such as LST , DFHDS and SBP .
 Real applications for typical neutron transport on TianHe-1A show that the new parallel algorithm can improve the sweeping performance for 2048 processors by MATH and by MATH while compared to the traditional approaches of SBP and FB respectively .
 The other rules consider the coupling between the RL and the QSL , which allows cells to communicate each other and , possibly , synchronize their behaviour .
 Rule MATH describes the synthesis of the autoinducer molecule MATH , by means of the quorum sensing protein MATH .
 When the autoinducer is present in the membrane , it can undergo three different processes .
 Second , the autoinducer can form a complex with the control molecules MATH -LRB- rule MATH , and its inverse MATH -RRB- .
 Third , the autoinducer can exit the cell -LRB- rule MATH -RRB- and diffuse into the environment , from where it can enter again any cell , by the application of the non deterministic environmental rule MATH .
 To be prepared to treat clauses , for example MATH , in which literals involving negations occur , form MATH identical negative copies of the truth table constructed in Sec . REF .
 Thus we evaluate MATH by using two of the negative copies and one of the positive copies of the truth table and bringing the columns for MATH , MATH , and MATH into coincidence .
 Moreover , to find the suppliers for a particular partition MATH , we have to traverse the DAG starting from the node MATH and select the leaf nodes -LRB- those having no outgoing edge -RRB- , that are the suppliers for that partition .
 With a cloud controlling your home , the responsibilities clearly tilt towards the cloud .
 In this section we will provide two examples which assist in explaining how , given multiple link state changes in a graph , an old SPT is dynamically superseded to become a new one .
 The goals of these works were to investigate potential and feasibility of 60 GHz radios for multi Giga-bit/s short-range communications in indoor medical applications .
 Besides , for indoor propagation modeling purposes , the empirical path-loss exponent for a shielded room was estimated close to 4 , and for other environments between 1.54 and 2.23 .
 In Figure REF the first two levels of subdivision is illustrated .
 Other methodologies , like e. g. Fuzzy theory or Dempster-Shafer theory CITE , do not possess such a lean concept than the Bayesian approach , where only one single measure is used to describe DoB .
 The formula satisfiability problem is simply called the satisfiability problem that is described as MATHDISP .
 Furthermore , by restricting formulas to the ones in conjunctive normal form with all its clauses having exactly three literals , we have 3SAT defined as follows : MATHDISP .
 Secondly , he/she has to find a cheap accommodation for the final destination of the journey .
 In Figure REF a set of travel agencies is shown , that collaboratively provide search services apt to find flight reservation and hotel booking facilities and display search results ordered by price .
 Samples of possible search services are depicted in figure , where examples of search results are also shown .
 Furthermore , as observed earlier , for perfectly separable data each tree produces over-confident posteriors .
 Although metaheuristics have been applied to many complex NP problems in recent decades CITE , including optimization through metaheuristics as part of the methodology in this problem domain is a contribution in and of itself since it opens up the technique to new classes of process to processors allocation runtime problems to be optimally solved .
 The new approach gives the possibility to develop a new Analysis -LRB- see CITE -RRB- where functions assuming not only finite values but also infinite and infinitesimal ones can be studied .
 For all of them it becomes possible to introduce a new notion of continuity that is closer to our modern physical knowledge .
 Since MATH knows MATH and MATH , he can compute MATH .
 We iteratively repeat step 1 and step by solving the above LP problem with Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- substituted by MATHDISP
 In Figure REF and REF we show classification performances in terms of the mean Average Precision -LRB- MAP -RRB- as a function of MATH .
 In each UNN experiment we fixed the value of MATH , thus constraining the number of training iterations MATH such that at most MATH examples could be retained as prototypes .
 In summary , being the extensions of physically-constrained RMP scheme -LRB- REF -RRB- - -LRB- REF -RRB- , these optimization schemes have been developed and discussed in this section for achieving the RMP purpose of redundant robot manipulators .
 Then each thread compared with the adjacent elements , if equal , the corresponding position of bit vector set 0 , otherwise set to 1 .
 Then a prefix sum is computed from bit vector .
 Then we get position array and counter from prefix sum array .
 More in-depth work needs to be performed on demonstrating the ability of the new load metric on distinguishing different load status .
 Moreover , the metric of availability defined based on the new load metric , MATH , also offers an opportunity to characterize the overall availability of a cluster of servers .
 If the operation of each server is assumed to be independent from each other , then the overall availability of a cluster of servers can be expressed as the sum of the availability on individual servers .
 Our proposed sculpturing technique outperforms common image algorithms , when the number of hotspots and , hence , the number isotherms to be represented are less -LRB- which is usually the case as we are interested only in high temperature regions -RRB- .
 However , this problem can be overcome by using image segmentation so that each segment in turn has fewer number of hotspots and , hence , isotherms .
 To manage the policies collected by our Aggregator Source , we then built a new Aggregator sink , called Authorization Service , which organizes FGAC of Grid nodes and queries the security policies , according to the RuleByGroup strategy described in the paper , to extract the set of Grid nodes the policies of which authorize a request .
 Until this point in this paper we considered the two party case only .
 A hyper-heuristic operates at a higher level of abstraction .
 The main aim of the hyper-heuristic is not to compete with the state of the art problem specific approaches , but to provide a general framework which is able to deliver solutions of good quality for a wide range of optimization problems CITE .
 In order to accomplish its enlarged role , the OntoGazetteer must be able to record various types of relationships between places , including spatial -LRB- proximity -RRB- , topological -LRB- adjacency , containment -RRB- , hierarchical -LRB- territorial subdivisions -RRB- and semantical , also recording the motivation behind each relationship .
 The MATH are linear functions of the MATH s in the field MATH , so the subcircuit is an algorithm for computing the linear forms -LRB- the functions the MATH s represent -RRB- given the MATH 's as input , in the special case where MATH .
 From an algorithmic perspective , IE approaches fall in to two broad categories : manually engineered ones -LRB- frequently based on pattern-matching like rules , e.g. CITE -RRB- and machine learning ones -LRB- e.g. CITE -RRB- .
 Rule-based approaches are more suitable where a carefully engineered , high precision system is needed and there is no sufficient training data for a machine learning approach to be successful .
 MAIL FROM : - starts a mail transfer session and identifies the mail sender .
 One example indicates 29 seconds saved over a 2 day CAM3 simulation that when extrapolated to a 1000 year CAM3 simulation , saves over 58 days of execution time .
 All the techniques presented in this article have been incorporated into our branch-and-bound method implemented on top of the Ilog Solver and Ilog Scheduler .
 As said before , the master core is the responsible to share unverified data .
 From the point of view of coherence , this means that the slave core is not allowed to response to forwarded requests -LRB- request from other cores -RRB- , although invalidations should be taken accordingly by evicting blocks from cache -LRB- without updating lower levels of the memory hierarchy -RRB- .
 Let MATH , MATH , MATH and MATH denote respectively the lowest and highest MATH coordinates , and the lowest and highest MATH coordinates , of all MATH .
 Note that computing this subset of MATH must be performed as a pre-computation , requiring at most MATH floating point operations .
 In contrast with CITE , the experiments used in this paper included the use of real robots , it makes possible to verify the robustness of the method in noisy environments .
 A solution MATH to problem -LRB- REF -RRB- is said to be non-inferior if there is no other feasible solution MATH such that MATH , MATH , with at least one strict inequality .
 We assume in this study that each non-inferior solution of -LRB- REF -RRB- is attainable .
 This is because TCP can not allow the source node to quickly learn exact congestion situation in wireless networks .
 TCP performs worse dramatically as the round-trip time increases , and even can not work if the end-to-end connectivity is broken .
 Such event may happen frequently in mobile networks .
 Moreover , some characteristics of wireless networks , such as unreliable radio channels , shared-media and terminal mobility , cause certain networking functions such as routing to perform poorly , which further degrades TCP performance .
 In this contribution we focus on a method based on white-light interferometry that might yield the same level of security that QKD achieves CITE .
 In section 2 we describe the core idea of the method .
 Different possible attack patterns and the necessary extensions to retain the security are described in section 3 .
 As you see , the cost is the number of input operations from disk that are necessary in order to have the answer to the problem `` does there exist a key MATH such that MATH ? '' .
 The probability for a congestion to happen within domain MATH is given by MATHDISP , where the second production indicates the probability for no congestion to happen all the way from domain 1 down to the ingress node of domain MATH .
 It is geometrically well-known that the regular triangular lattice pattern is asymptotically optimal in terms of the number of circles needed to entirely cover a target region in the plane CITE .
 However , this result is not directly applied to WSNs because the sensor network needs to not only be covered but also be connected .
 In CITE some examples of natural and synthetic chemical systems are described , which could be of some interest for the proposed chemical middleware , including : -LRB- i -RRB- radioactive decay -LRB- MATH -RRB- by which chemical substances fade ; -LRB- ii -RRB- Lotka reactions CITE -LRB- e.g. MATH -RRB- modelling the dynamic of prey-predator -LRB- MATH - MATH -RRB- populations ; and -LRB- iii -RRB- diffusion rules -LRB- e.g. MATH -RRB- by which a chemical substance gets transferred to a neighbouring compartment , ultimately supporting concepts related to field diffusion as discussed in Section REF - notation MATH stands for a molecule MATH to be sent out of the compartment .
 Then , we define MATH by setting for each MATH MATHDISP .
 The translation relation MATH below : MATHDISP defines the following translation function MATH : MATHDISP
 The request-property relation relates an individual of type entity to an individual of type functional to indicate that the former is requesting the function provided by the later .
 -LRB- b -RRB- there are numbers MATH , such that for every MATH there exist two subsets MATH consisting of MATH and MATH points respectively , such that MATH and -LRB- REF -RRB- holds .
 Suppose that MATH , MATH MATH , and MATH is a non-negative measurable function in MATH .
 In this optimization process the wing box was first assumed as doubly symmetric ; this solution was then modified into an non-symmetric section , introducing two new unknowns per section , namely the areas of the spar flanges ; the weight saving appears to be very significant .
 Coloured Red-Blue Dominating Set is solvable in time MATH .
 Equivalence of deterministic and nondeterministic automata
 for any MATH , a set MATH is a set of tuples -LRB- relation -RRB- , with empty relation MATH , unary universe-relation MATH , and binary relation MATH for the `` equality '' type MATH .
 We take the time-derivative of MATH along the trajectory of the system -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , MATHDISP where the general functions MATH , MATH and MATH , are defined in -LRB- REF -RRB- , -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , respectively .
 For the first term of -LRB- REF -RRB- , we apply -LRB- REF -RRB- , -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- to get MATHDISP where MATH and MATH are constants .
 Using -LRB- REF -RRB- the third term of -LRB- REF -RRB- can be rewritten as MATHDISP Finally , we apply -LRB- REF -RRB- - -LRB- REF -RRB- to the second term of -LRB- REF -RRB- to get , MATHDISP where MATH and MATH are constants .
 In this work we introduce we introduce 2-way deterministic tile sets to resolve the problem : we call a set of tiles 2-way deterministic if each tile is uniquely determined by the colors on its north and east sides , as well as by the colors on the opposite south and west sides .
 From the fact that the domino problem remains undecidable even when the input instance is 2-way deterministic we conclude new undecidability results for reversible cellular automata .
 In a junction tree , exact inference proceeds as follows : Assuming evidence is MATH and MATH , MATH is absorbed at MATH by instantiating the variable MATH and renormalizing the remaining variables of the clique .
 Mathematically , evidence propagation is represented as CITE : MATHDISP where MATH is a separator between cliques MATH and MATH ; MATH -LRB- MATH -RRB- denotes the original -LRB- updated -RRB- potential table of MATH ; MATH is the updated potential table of MATH .
 Thus , by Lemma REF , we can summarize the necessary conditions on the linear function MATH as the invertibility of MATH , MATH , MATH and MATH .
 For example , for hyperplanes we find the best simple binary test with parameter MATH by discrete search and then set the initial guess MATH .
 Interestingly , even the basic Paxos protocol we outlined earlier can accommodate dynamic membership : papers by Lamport and others have shown how to do this by using a two-level quorum update scheme ; one to change the membership , and the other to do quorum reads and writes during periods when membership is n't changing .
 With the Paxos scheme , such a replica can just repair itself and restart ; if any updates managed to commit while it was down , they obviously wo n't be reflected in its durable state , but this does n't matter since subsequent reads and updates need to access a quorum and will find at least one replica that knows about the event .
 Otherwise , it would n't have been able to commit .
 Unfortunately the automaton is nondeterministic and in the worst case it is forced to explore all computation paths , with a time complexity non-polynomial with respect to the length of the source string ; more efficient algorithms are wanted for practical application .
 Only one spacetype is assigned to any roomslot : MATHDISP
 In order to understand this behavior it is useful to look at the PDF of MATH , shown in the bottom panel of Fig . REF .
 Actually , however , this simple distance measurement does not work in the model fitting to a 3D video stream because
 Two binary distribution ensembles MATH and MATH are called indistinguishable -LRB- written MATH -RRB- if for any MATH there exists MATH such that for all MATH and for all MATH we have MATHDISP .
 Here MATH is given by : MATH where MATH
 The original definition of dependability is : the ability to deliver service that can justifiably be trusted .
 An alternate definition that provides the criterion for deciding if the service is dependable is : the dependability of a system is the ability to avoid service failures that are more frequent and more severe than is acceptable .
 An implication for routing , per-se , is that modern routing algorithms do n't have time to search tables or perform other kinds of classification that might require memory references : there is time for a single lookup but not much more .
 Then , after following similar procedure to obtain Eq . REF , MATH can be computed as : MATHDISP where MATH and MATH .
 Now , taking into account that the first word MATH of the possible suffix has to be different to the erroneous word MATH , MATH can be formulated as follows : MATHDISP
 We now prove the properties of the protocol MATH and MATH , which follows from the properties of MATH and MATH respectively , along with the properties of MATH .
 We extended these ideas to create a sketching interface for designing 3D free-form objects and developed a prototype system called Teddy -LSB- 34 -RSB- .
 The user draws 2D freeform strokes interactively specifying the silhouette of an object , and the sys-tem automatically constructs a 3D polygonal surface model based on the strokes .
 The user does not have to manipulate control points or combine complicated edit-ing operations .
 In addition , the resulting models have a hand-crafted feel -LRB- such as sculptures and stuffed animals -RRB- which is difficult to ac-complish with most conventional modelers .
 Each class in the figure is labeled by a graph belonging to this class which is a separating example , that is , which shows that this class is distinct -LRB- either proper containing , or proper being contained , or not having a generalization relationship -RRB- from each other class .
 Afterwards , Sect . REF shows on an example how to prove conformance to business policies , and Sect . REF draws our conclusion .
 Congestion represents a major issue especially in the context of bandwidth hungry multimedia applications .
 In this paper , we have proposed a performance interfernce model that considers interference in shared last-level cache and memory controller .
 Our performance interfernce model is based on two concepts interference intensity and interference sensitivity .
 When a thread A sends a continuation signal to a thread B , we say that A continues B. Continuation to another thread and re-continuation to the same thread is performed with instructions cont and rcont , respectively .
 These instructions are not concerned with the data passing between threads but just send a continuation signal .
 Clearly , MATH is dependent on MATH , that means for example , if MATH for some constant MATH , then latency is MATH .
 MATH .
 MATH .
 For example , in the Netflix data set , the rated movies are less than 2 % of the sparse matrix MATH , and the memory used is less than 2 G with a sparse format .
 As for the parallelism in a node , PCC based on the thread pool is used for carrying out the prediction for each user .
 Session MATH is terminated at time unit 9 and the bandwidth which has been used by this session will be restored and released to the network and available bandwidth which can be used with MATH will be increased .
 In this case right hand side of the linear programming problem of session MATH in standard form is changed but the current solution POS does not change because condition MATH satisfies and MATH .
 Standard form of linear programming MATH has 14 decision variables , 9 rows -LRB- 9 basic variables -RRB- and it is verified with WinQSB tool that MATH , consequently we do n't present matrix MATH and the condition in this case .
 Finally for session MATH we will have : MATH , MATH , MATH , and MATH .
 By the distance formula , we have that MATHDISP and MATHDISP
 In Sect . REF , we will consider a variety of different instances of the above security notions by defining the sets MATH , MATH , MATH , and MATH to be one of the sets MATH , MATH , MATH , and MATH .
 However the protocols used at this layer are specific to the network technology used to interconnect the physical user devices and network devices .
 In this coalgebraic methodological approach to databases , we consider a database instance MATH of a given database schema MATH -LRB- i.e. the set of relations that satisfy all integrity constraints of a given database schema -RRB- as a black box and any view -LRB- the response to a given query -RRB- is considered as an observation .
 Consequently , all algebraic aspects of the query language are encapsulated into the single power-view operator MATH , such that for a given database instance MATH -LRB- first object in our base database category -RRB- the object MATH is the set of all possible views of this database MATH that can be obtained from a given query language MATH .
 A function MATH is said to be in the class MATH if it satisfies the following nonhomegenous Cauchy-Euler type differential equation of order m : MATHDISP MATHDISP .
 Modulo this latter result , we give a complete proof of Bodlaender 's theorem in the next section .
 The last processing time is found as , MATH -LRB- MATH -RRB- .
 The posterior probability of a new vertex MATH to belong to component MATH given the set of label-independent neighbors of MATH , noted by MATH , is defined by Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 The posterior probability of a new vertex MATH to belong to component MATH given the set of label-independent neighbors of MATH , noted by MATH , is defined by Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 On the other hand , it is a consensus that optical networks will play a critical role in the future Internet due to its immense network capacity that metallic media like copper wire can not offer CITE .
 However , for the time being , there are neither cost-effective photonic computer nor optical buffers , especially optical random access memory , available for optical networking .
 Since all these elements are essential for network functions like routing and congestion control , how to realize green optical networks is a difficult issue since energy consumption will become the major factor in limiting super-high speed optical core networks in the future Internet CITE .
 For any MATH , MATHDISP
 The proposed velocity controller adopts a cascade control scheme combining throttle control and brake control -LRB- shown in Fig . REF -RRB- , where inner loop is a fuzzy adaptive robust control module and its outer loop is an improved Single-Neuron adaptive PID -LRB- SN-PID -RRB- control module based on the quadratic performance index .
 In result , it 's robust for complex environment .
 Provide the pseudocode for the MATH algorithm and show its execution in the graph of Fig . REF .
 By the properties 1-3 of this theorem for any MATH and any admissible MATH we have MATHDISP and MATHDISP which implies -LRB- for MATH -RRB- MATHDISP
 For the new variable -LRB- which is well-defined under the supposition 4 of this theorem -RRB- MATHDISP in view of -LRB- REF -RRB- , we have MATHDISP that means -LRB- by the Weierstrass theorem -RRB- that there exists a limit : MATHDISP
 But , from -LRB- REF -RRB- , we also have the inequality MATHDISP or , equivalently , MATHDISP Summation by MATH from 0 up to MATH implies MATHDISP
 But MATH converges to MATH and , hence , all subsequences MATH converges to the same limit that implies MATH .
 Theorem is proven .
 Li et al in CITE proposed authorized private keyword search -LRB- APKS -RRB- on encrypted Personal Health Records -LRB- PHR -RRB- by using Hierarchical Predicate Encryption -LRB- HPE -RRB- .
 Wang et al CITE proposed a secure ranked search over encrypted data , for data residing within the untrusted domain of CSP .
 Thus , for an enterprise system outsourcing petabytes of data to cloud storage their proposed system simply lack realism .
 As MATH is 2-connected we would have two or more vertex disjoint paths from MATH to MATH in MATH .
 Hence there are at least two vertex disjoint paths from MATH to MATH in MATH .
 In an XML content routing network , a router needs to evaluate the queries of down-stream peers , such that which packets should be sent to which down-stream peers can be determined .
 However , evaluating the queries over XML documents , e.g. XPath , is an time consuming process .
 Else , if MATH :
 Else , if MATH :
 If MATH :
 If MATH :
 Let us switch the assignment of the flexible operation for the MATH part .
 The soundness follows from the following claim :
 The graph consists of vertices representing tasks and edges between vertices exist for any conflicting tasks that may not execute in the same slot due to sharing of common resources .
 The minimum number of colors to color this graph is the minimum MATH which is the optimal time for all tasks to finish .
 Another application is the register allocation where the mostly used data is stored in processor registers during compilation of program .
 In this case , vertices of the graph are the symbolic registers and there is an edge between two register vertices if they are needed at the same time .
 Vertex coloring can be formally defined as follows :
 In particular , they show the following results :
 For any pair MATH it holds MATH , i.e. , the source MATH is a single character MATH or the empty string .
 The crawler stores fetched documents - including service descriptions - in the Crawler Repository , which contains a set of ARC files , an RDF store and the Dragon registry .
 In our previous work CITE we proposed a framework for resources sharing among these independent and autonomous Grid systems .
 Additionally , the Grid Interoperability Now-Community Group -LRB- GIN-CG -RRB- CITE has been working on providing interoperability between Grids by developing components and adapters that enable secure job submission , data transfers and information queries .
 Besides that federated collaboration for resource sharing among distributed clusters has been also proposed CITE , CITE , and CITE .
 As Fig . REF illustrates , the application 's maximum attainable performance increases linearly with the number of cluster nodes due the embarassingly parallel nature of the computation .
 The large speedup attained through FPGA acceleration combined with the homogenous nature of the parallel subtasks result in little scope for further perfomance improvement using the more advanced features of ARC such as load balancing and concurrent utilization of CPUs and FPGAs .
 Nevertheless , the application does demonstrate the impressive speedups attainable using clusters augmented withd reconfigurable hardware .
 Recently , Kinect has been used to achieve real-time body tracking capabilities , which has triggered a new era of natural interface based applications .
 In their revolutionary work , Shotton et al. fit a skeleton to the human body using their object recognition based approach CITE .
 Once the potential field is known , the Bernoulli theorem yields the pressure distribution -LRB- see Appendix 1 -RRB- and hence blade loads may be evaluated through integration .
 A closer look reveals that there are two versions of the inversion problem and we will explain how one of these corresponds to the applications of the tradeoff technique to password hash systems .
 Notice that the secret key is implicitly set as MATH , and it is easy to check that : MATH , MATH , for all MATH and MATH .
 Each node MATH maintains an additional Boolean flag MATH to indicate the membership of the node MATH in the weakly connected dominating set -LRB- WCDS -RRB- .
 Let MATH be a deniable mt-authenticator between sender MATH and a receiver MATH .
 Hierocrypt does not explicitly use big size S-boxes , but it constructs 32 bit S-boxes by using nested SPN structure together with four 8-bit S-boxes and the MDS MATH matrix .
 To prove soundness also follows easily noting that a zero MATH multiplied by any value results a zero , hence MATH fails in proving that MATH is an encryption of MATH for MATH .
 Third , the query vector is updated according to the following heuristic , MATHDISP .
 The length of the curve MATH is defined by MATHDISP
 This counterexample exhibits a Canetti-PPT-protocol MATH that realizes an ideal functionality MATH that is not Canetti-PPT .
 The example then goes on to show that already two instances of MATH -LRB- in concurrency -RRB- do no longer realize two instances of MATH .
 -LRB- I.e. , it is the responsibility of the simulator to make MATH polynomial-time . -RRB-
 However , in case of the example from CITE , the system MATH is not reactively polynomial-time for any simulator MATH .
 Technical level -LRB- services -RRB- : this layer is concerned with the actual implementation of processes decomposed into activities that can hopefully be automated .
 To emphasize the dependence of the random trajectories on the parameter MATH the equation -LRB- REF -RRB- is rewritten as MATHDISP
 Always up-to-date :
 Always up-to-date :
 Bernaschi et al. . CITE accelerated the LBM portion of MURPHY , a multi-scale simulation code for fluids with embedded particles that combines LBM to capture fluid flow with a modified molecular dynamics solver for suspended solid particles .
 For example , by knowing that the system is under denial-of-service attack ER process triggering can be made less sensitive to decrease resources used for recognition .
 Furthermore , we put MATH for any MATH .
 This is simply because in this case there exists no state MATH starts with .
 The only implication in using the benchmark scheme is that we need to determine the composition of the job in terms of the same code type , the process called as code profiling .
 As remarked in Section REF , the Sobolev space MATH shrinks when MATH expands , therefore the corresponding energy increases and , by formulas REF and REF , REF , we deduce immediately the following result .
 In fact in Intuitionistic Logic -LRB- IL -RRB- , MATH is equivalent to MATH , that is , to MATH where ' MATH ' is classic logical implication and ' MATH ' is classic negation and MATH equivalent to MATH .
 Thus , in IL , the conjunction and disjunction are that of CPL and only the implication and negation are modal versions of classical versions of the implication and negation respectively .
 Furthermore , MATH and each instance of MATH is executed for at most MATH steps .
 Then MATH with overwhelming probability , so we have shown that we can choose MATH satisfying the additional constraint MATH .
 For this , we first target the following inequality which is an extension of the Bohr inequality , precisely , it is a multiple version of the Bohr inequality due to Vasic and Keckic CITE as follows .
 Our scheme needs two hash function operations , one exclusive-or operation and one exponential operation for a user in the login phase .
 This means that the probability of MATH returning a query MATH and MATH that violates Strong Unforgeability REF is at least MATH , which is non-negligible .
 Let MATH be smooth vector field on a surface MATH and let MATH be a domain with a piecewise smooth boundary MATH .
 Let MATH be smooth vector field on a surface MATH and let MATH be a domain with a piecewise smooth boundary MATH .
 It will take us to far afield to derive the expression for the divergence in local coordinates so we will just state the result without proof .
 In general terms , a system is expected to be populated with a set of individuals physically deployed in the environment -LRB- e.g. physical and network resources , static information , initialisation data and services , and so on -RRB- , and situated in some portion of the network .
 The proposed aircraft is a PrandtlPlane box wing concept and the propulsion system makes use of open rotor engines .
 Further , we note that similar to Section REF , the following results concerning some specific properties of the convergence in the time-dependent variable spaces MATH , MATH , and MATH can be established -LRB- for the details we refer to the proofs of Lemmas REF , Lemma 8.1.4.2 , Lemma 8.1.4.2 a , Theorem REF , and Corollaries REF and REF -RRB- .
 Assume the existence of enhanced trapdoor permutations and non-committing encryption .
 Then , for any well-formed ideal functionality MATH there exists a protocol that realizes MATH with UC security in the CRS model , assuming authenticated communication and in the presence of adaptive , malicious adversaries .
 To allow storage and management of application input , output and checkpointing data , we organize the grid machines in clusters , connected by a self-organizing and fault-tolerant peer-to-peer network .
 proof .
 In -LRB- REF -RRB- , setting MATH , it follows MATHDISP ; still setting MATH , we find MATHDISP .
 A Wang tile set is 4-way deterministic , if it is NE - , NW - , SE - and SW-deterministic .
 Players can move freely around the virtual world , transparently switching between regions of different servers and are able to seamlessly interact with players located in other regions .
 Players can also find several objects -LRB- e.g. , health items , food , weapons , ... -RRB- and computer controlled characters -LRB- e.g. , NPCs - non-player characters -RRB- .
 Each avatar has its own state that comprises several properties like position , health , abilities and owned items .
 For each MATH check :
 For each MATH check :
 Apply the FB-LPT algorithm to the remaining jobs , order the batches obtained in non-decreasing order of their processing times and denote them as MATH .
 For this case , no job can be removed from its batch or exchanged with jobs in the other batches ; otherwise the makespan will increase .
 Therefore , the batching decision MATH is the only one with the minimum makespan and the problem can be solved by sequencing batches MATH in the BW-SPT order .
 The other is that there are jobs with the same processing times being assigned to two adjacent batches .
 proof .
 Since for any MATH , we have MATHDISP MATH , and by -LRB- REF -RRB- , it follows MATHDISP , then we find MATH , and MATH .
 Hence by Lebesgue control convergence theorem -LRB- cf. CITE -RRB- , we obtain MATHDISP .
 This is called energy imbalance problem .
 An energy-balancing data collection scheme can provide the effective solutions to avoid early energy exhaustion of some nodes than other nodes and thus prolong the network lifetime .
 The scheme discussed above would be easy to implement on Unix or Linux but less so on Windows , where access to the memory protection mechanisms is n't as simple in the case of shared memory regions .
 This paper presents an algorithm for computing bounded-size clusters with an inter-cluster routing scheme .
 This algorithm is intended to divide large-scale systems into small sub-systems that can be managed with a bounded complexity .
 Input -LRB- a -RRB- accounts for functional and non-functional concerns .
 Then , model-to-code transformations are used to build both the core code and the `` generic code '' of the system , from the application - down to the middleware-layer .
 The generic code is an adaptive code that embodies a certain degree of variability -LRB- i.e. , different ways of implementing a sub-system -RRB- making it capable to evolve .
 The linear stationary system -LRB- REF -RRB- or the pair MATH is said to be controllable on a time-interval MATH if , for any initial state MATH and any terminal state MATH , there exists an feasible -LRB- piecewise continuous -RRB- control MATH such that the solution of -LRB- REF -RRB- satisfies MATHDISP
 For this , we reformulate problem -LRB- REF -RRB- - -LRB- REF -RRB- in terms of some variational control problem defined on spaces with singular measures .
 We introduce the MATH - periodic Borel measure MATH in MATH as follows : MATHDISP , where MATH are the 1-D Lebesgue measures on the corresponding line segments -LRB- edges -RRB- MATH -LRB- see Fig . REF -RRB- .
 Discovery defines tasks for identifying and locating of business services which can achieve a requester 's goal .
 Derandomized Evolution Strategies for global parameter optimization , the general framework of this study , is reviewed in this section .
 Like SKETCH -LSB- 28 -RSB- , Teddy was designed for the rapid construction of ap-proximate models , not for the careful editing of precise models .
 This also allowed real-time in-teractive rendering using Java on mid-range PCs without dedicated 3D rendering hardware at that time .
 We believe the topology dictionary brings lots of perspectives to future research and applications on 3D video .
 Now from the definition of MATH , it is obvious that MATHDISP .
 Conversely , if MATH we get that MATH is invariant under the choice of MATH .
 Therefore all variables in MATH are in MATH and , by assumption , MATH .
 This technique is particularly powerful when a large selection of high-level predefined components such as adders , multipliers and counters are available .
 PrefixSpan may be challenged by the databases with a large number distinct items , which can produce a huge number of combinations at the early stage of mining with a small minimum support level .
 Otherwise , due to the full security of the based CP-ABE , the clients who do n't satisfy the access permissions can not obtain MATH even if they collude with each other .
 Let MATH , and MATH be the projection of MATH onto the MATH , where MATH ; see Figure REF .
 Using computer-aided search , a series of new key relations was found , allowing to mount attacks on 8-round AES-192 with overall complexity of MATH , as well as attacks with a very low data complexity -LRB- though , in exchange for a significant increase in the time and memory complexities -RRB- .
 Since MATH has roots MATH modulo MATH , we use an algorithm for their computation -LRB- for example Berlekamp 's algorithm CITE -RRB- and then we can compute the roots MATH modulo MATH of the corresponding Hilbert polynomial MATH from the modular equation MATH .
 Long haul missions can be covered through intermediate landings that do n't reduce the competitiveness of air transport because the block speed reduction is unsignificant in the case of goods transport .
 Taking also the flight performance -LRB- described later on this paper -RRB- into account , the projected block time of a typical long haul routes -LRB- Hong Kong-Frankfurt , about 5100 NM -RRB- , with one intermediate landing , is increased only by 40 % -LRB- 15,5 hours -RRB- with respect to the current block time -LRB- 11 hours direct flight -RRB- .
 The Human visual system performs the task of reconstruction of 3D external world scenes from 2D retinal images .
 In this complex task , information about natural shading of the objects , which results from the interaction of light with the objects ' surfaces , plays crucial role .
 Very often , artificial shading conveys also some stylistic or pure aesthetical information .
 Many skilled artists used such artificial shading in their traditional artwork by exploying various hatching techniques .
 In this section we treat of the role of biological noise as the triggering mechanism of stochasticity in biochemical systems , and discuss about the deterministic formulation and the stochastic approach in the modelling and simulation of biological systems .
 Then , we review some main stochastic algorithms for single-volume biochemical systems , i.e. the Stochastic Simulation Algorithm and tau-leaping , and comment on their strength and limitations .
 So , loosely speaking a density forest can be thought of as a generalization of Gaussian mixture models -LRB- GMM -RRB- with two differences : -LRB- i -RRB- multiple hard clustered data partitions are created , one for each tree .
 And -LRB- ii -RRB- the forest posterior is a combination of tree posteriors .
 In this article , we consider an adversary who tries to do an existential forgery attack on a digital signature scheme MATH under a generic adaptive chosen message attack model CITE .
 In this attack , an attacker first queries the signer -LRB- also called challenger -RRB- adaptively for signatures on several chosen messages .
 The attack is adaptive as the adversary can choose queries that depend on both the challenger 's public key and signatures obtained for the previous queries .
 Ternary algebraic operations were considered in the 19 th century by several mathematicians such as A. Cayley CITE who introduced the notion of cubic matrix which in turn was generalized by Kapranov , Gelfand and Zelevinskii in 1990 -LRB- CITE -RRB- .
 PSP has a computationally expensive function and the computation of the fitness for a given individual is independent from the computation of the others .
 Given two points MATH with MATH and MATH , let axial triangle be a right triangle with vertices MATH and MATH on the hypotenuse and third vertex MATH at the right angle .
 Leaders , choice of first leader and impact of threshold In order to illustrate computation of leaders and impact of threshold on number of leaders , we consider UCI-ML dataset on iris .
 We consider petal length and width as two features per pattern .
 In applying Leader algorithm , we consider Euclidean distance as dissimilarity measure .
 To start with we consider distance threshold -LRB- MATH -RRB- of 1.4 cm and consider first pattern as leader-1 .
 In order to demonstrate order dependence of leaders , we consider the same distance threshold and select pattern no. 16 as the first leader .
 As a third example , we consider distance threshold of 0.5 cm .
 We obtain 7 clusters as shown in Fig . REF .
 Please note that the leaders are shown with a superscribed square .
 When we consider a large threshold of , say , 5.0 cm , , we obtain a single cluster which essentially is a scatter plot of all patterns .
 In addition , the conditions for state elimination in Stage 4 , i.e. -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , differ from -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Though , this framework resulted too complex for expressing real biomolecular processes .
 They are essentially based on multisets rewriting and membranes .
 In this paper we elaborate a new approach , introduced in CITE and then widely developed , on different lines , in CITE , which is focused on the notion of Metabolic P systems , shortly MP systems .
 It is worth noting that the data structure representing the graph , for its turn , is sensitive to the way the input data is organized and parsed .
 We focus on the usage and the energy analysis of an experimental platform -LRB- i.e. the Grid5000 infrastructure CITE -RRB- .
 For each job size/workload density combination evaluated , we simulate the execution of 5000 instances , recording the maximum and sum stretch of jobs in the workload achieved with both the optimized and non-optimized versions of the online heuristic .
 As far as chemical reactions are concerned , a computational model has been given by Gillespie in CITE , which basically provides a characterisation of discrete chemistry - number of molecules are considered instead of concentrations - as a continuous-time stochastic transition system a la Markov , that can be used as a blueprint for implementing the middleware CITE .
 Consider a chemical rule MATH , meaning that a molecule A joins a molecule B , forming molecules C and D. Rate MATH is called reaction constant , and expresses the likelihood of the reaction between two pairs of molecules A and B.
 That reaction can be given a markovian rate that is proportional to MATH and to the concentration of each reactant in the left-hand side , and a proper algorithm can be used to select which reaction is to be executed and at which `` speed '' , following the approach of stochastic simulation algorithms CITE .
 Since a typical monitoring configuration is not only a `` one-to-one '' mapping of the higher-level concepts defined in the SLA but it rather includes a set of interrelated configuration elements -LRB- e.g. , configuration files , database entries , agent configurations , evaluation rules , database triggers , etc. -RRB- , the creation and maintenance of this set of configurations can be a tedious and error-prone task .
 This is particularly interesting if the monitored infrastructure is subject to frequent changes or the requirements defined in the SLA are rather complex , however , both the system model and the related IT monitoring and management need to be maintained in a consistent and coherent manner .
 Additional optimization of this process , such as updating only the part of the monitoring configuration , which really needs to be changed , can also be implemented .
 The OPeN architecture consists of three layers : the Application layer , Core Services layer and Connectivity layer .
 The starting-point of the proposed scheme is a technique due to using the batch RSA decryption .
 A variant of this approach is to ask the users to rate certain information or products -LRB- for example an article or an essay -RRB- .
 With reference to Fig . REF , we consider a finite volume MATH which completely surrounds the crack tip region at the time MATH and such that the newly created crack surface MATH at time MATH is inside MATH .
 Then there exists a non-negative integer MATH such that MATH .
 Then the simulator chooses MATH and sets MATH , MATH , MATH and MATH .
 These constraints are given by : MATHDISP .
 These constraints can be rewritten as : MATHDISP .
 Constraint -LRB- REF -RRB- can thus be reformulated as : MATHDISP .
 We will thus use , in this work , a symbolic criterion the approach which requires that the adversary be unable to distinguish the real secret key from a random one even when presented with both during the protocol .
 The for-loops that process intersection records for each pixel can also be parallelized , but as the iterations in these loops use some temporary data , that data should be replicated for each thread to avoid conflicts .
 Notice that MATH and MATH that corresponds to the fact that the eigenvectors stay the same being multiplied by a complex number .
 Then forming the basis in 2-dimensional subspace as MATHDISP we may define MATHDISP and , MATHDISP Hence , MATHDISP and we may see that MATH is real matrix .
 The types of operations that can be carried out are grouped in 4 categories :
 The expectation of a random variable , denoted as MATH , is defined as follows .
 The expectation of a random variable , denoted as MATH , is defined as follows .
 When the random variable MATH is an indicator variable -LRB- i.e. , it takes value from MATH -RRB- , we have the following result : MATHDISP .
 In addition to acting autonomously in a decentralised manner system components commonly have simple behaviours with limited perception abilities and hence they do not have a global view of the system .
 Indeed , in this case , for every MATH by REF , we have MATHDISP .
 In this section , we evaluated the performance of the proposed peer-to-peer Cloud provisioning approach -LRB- Cloud peer -RRB- by creating a overlay of services that are deployed across virtual machines within the Amazon EC2 infrastructure .
 Next , we describe the various details related to Cloud Peer -LRB- peer-to-peer network , multi-dimensional index structure , and network configuration parameters -RRB- setup , PaaS layer provisioning software , and application model related to this study .
 It is a joint work with Celia Mello and Celina Figueiredo CITE .
 To select different driving strategies , several broad scenarios are usually considered in path planning and decision-making , roads , intersections , parking lots , jammed intersections .
 We 'll show that if the attacker selects moves according to the Greedy algorithm , then after each move the following invariants hold : MATHDISP MATHDISP
 The next Proposition -LRB- see CITE -RRB- presents a somewhat simplified result .
 Note that the fact that the aforementioned -LRB- normal black-box -RRB- simulations run in expected polynomial-time also when given access to any expected polynomial-time adversary is quite obvious from the new definition -LRB- s -RRB- .
 In some algorithms such as OMMR , OUMR and GRP a linear programming formulation problem -LRB- LPFp -RRB- must be solved by QSB tool so that an optimal solution be obtained .
 For example , an agent may perceive trust as a prediction of software quality based on the quality of software previously produced by the same developers -LRB- a past experience-based prediction -RRB- , while another agent may consider other factors as well , such as developer popularity and software stability and percistence .
 MATH , 2 .
 MATH , 2 .
 MATH , 2 .
 MATH .
 MATH .
 While the problem can be formulated in Equation REF , we have to develop practical methods to solve the following problems :
 For the IT-domain , this also refers to the technologies needed to invoke the service .
 Since about 2001 , two significant trends are reshaping the whole computer ecosystem : the traditional CPU evolution did hit the now proverbial `` power wall '' , meaning that further increases in clock speed could only be achieved by dissipating disproportionate amounts of power and were therefore no longer feasible , and special purpose architectures start to rival GP CPUs in the performance/power and performance/cost metrics .
 Intel 's and AMD 's answer to the `` power wall '' are the current line of multicore CPUs that derive their performance from up to eight complex , independent execution units -LRB- cores -RRB- and no longer from increases in clock frequency .
 In order to reduce message overhead , a stationary node does not flood its demand message to the whole network , but broadcasts its demand only to its 1-hop and 2-hop neighbors instead .
 The node MATH requires a mobile node to move to its furthest Voronoi vertex MATH ; While the node MATH requires a mobile node to move to its furthest Voronoi vertex MATH .
 Max-Fit Algorithm .
 Recently OMG has improved the UML notation releasing a new version of the language that is UML 2.0 CITE that strengths the expressiveness of some diagrams -LRB- such as sequence diagrams -RRB- , better specifies other ones -LRB- such as component diagrams -RRB- and introduces new ones -LRB- such as timing diagrams -RRB- .
 We have further shown that , if only a part of these properties were met , then we can solve the problem given the order in which the accepted jobs are to be executed .
 First note that the dummy variables can be safely removed from formulation -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Thus we use the following , simpler formulation : MATHDISP
 There is an obvious one-to-one correspondence between the feasible solutions of problems -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , and this correspondence preserves the objective values .
 In addition , since MATH is of running time MATH , the second property of MATH yields that MATH , and therefore MATH .
 The multinomial term frequency NB -LRB- MN TF NB -RRB- represents each message as a set of terms MATH , computing each one of MATH as how many times it appears in MATH .
 We have done the same study for floating-point and double-precision datasets , and they results are depicted in CITE .
 Taking the MATH ` th square root , this gives us MATH distinct strings in MATH which are covered by MATH .
 For Self-Healing related execution , executor main goal is to reduce the failure rate for job execution .
 For this , based upon the information available from the analyzer , executor keeps check on - new job submission should not be done to already faulty nodes , save the current state of the job and then restart the node , raise an alert if the restart still does not resolve the issue .
 Now we corrupt MATH and simulate it honestly , i.e. , we construct an environment MATH that simulates MATH and MATH and routes all messages from and to MATH through the dummy-adversary .
 Since MATH is long-term UC secure , there is a simulator MATH , such that the output of MATH is statistically indistinguishable in networks and -LRB- cf. Figure REF -RRB- .
 Then , the energy consumption can be described as MATHDISP .
 This 2D assumption can be justified if the size -LRB- i.e. , the length and the width -RRB- of a network is much larger than the differences in the third dimension -LRB- i.e. , the height -RRB- of the nodes ' locations .
 If we consider a point MATH on the line MATH , for example the point MATH , then MATH as MATH .
 In a higher dimensional space , it is a hyperplane .
 In bi-criterion scheduling , two different criteria are considered together .
 We adopt one of the frequently used approach , which is to find the best schedule with respect to the less important criterion , subject to the restriction that the more important criterion is optimal .
 The two criteria are denoted as the primary and secondary criteria , respectively .
 The computational time MATH of the active-set algorithm , as well as the computational time MATH , MATH and output errors MATH , MATH of the 94LVI algorithm per problem , are recorded .
 Here , MATH is defined as MATH -LSB- i.e. -LRB- REF -RRB- -RSB- of the final iteration , while subscripts MATH , MATH and MATH denote the active-set algorithm , the 94LVI algorithm implemented in MATLAB and C , respectively .
 Hence , in order to prove the lemma , it sufficiently to show that MATH .
 However , Fishburn also presented orders MATH such that MATH for each MATH , which means that surprisingly MATH can be a disconnected set .
 Following Fu 's seminal work , there were numerous other pixel based classification studies , for example CITE -LRB- Table REF -RRB- .
 To compare the performances of these studies directly is not scientifically sound because each uses a different image type and geographical location .
 Under this cycle , the cycle time is bounded as follows : MATHDISP
 Experimentation using a simple trace capturing the non-linear behavior between the cache size and hit ratio demonstrate that the utility based scheme notably outperforms other schemes .
 In our work we assume that a disk block is brought into the cache only when a miss occurs , i.e. , we do n't consider prefetching .
 These results correspond to the following scenario -LRB- first case in Table 1 -RRB- : image of 628x544 pixels , 3 classes and window MATH .
 In other cases the results follow the same tendency .
 When GPU is used there is a slight increase in the power consumption .
 Bump-Map Sampling-the range-map is not continuous , but is sampled into the texture .
 The resolution of the texture affects how faithfully the bump-map is represented .
 The third algorithm MATH described in CITE uses three States as IN , OUT and WAIT .
 The State IN means that the node is in MIS and OUT indicates that the node is not in MIS .
 The State WAIT shows that a node wants to change into State IN , it may do so provided it has no neighbor with the same State with lower identifier .
 In all of the experiments carried out the correlation between theoretical predictions and empirical results is excellent , and therefore , it can be stated that the model is quite accurate .
 This is valid if all sources of imbalance are homogeneous and therefore they all present similar constants .
 Note however , that all possibility results given in this section also hold -LRB- with identical proofs -RRB- when using a random oracle instead of MATH .
 Namely , for every pair MATH , MATH and MATH intersect in a point MATH and MATH whenever MATH -LRB- Figure REF illustrates the case MATH -RRB- .
 That polynomial is given by MATHDISP where MATHDISP .
 The bivariate Lagrange polynomials MATH are of degree MATH , and MATH while MATH for all MATH -LRB- because the point MATH lies on a line other than MATH or MATH , whence the numerator in -LRB- REF -RRB- becomes zero -RRB- .
 If the outcome is not 1 then MATH aborts .
 This problem is characterized by MATH sources MATH of a same type of objects , each with an OID and a score MATH , and a global scoring function MATH .
 Figure REF shows 2 sources , each containing objects with OIDs ranging from 1 to 7 ; the global score function is MATH .
 2-swap move is the exchange of two jobs , MATH and MATH , between two machines MATH and MATH , i.e. moving job MATH from machine MATH to MATH , and job MATH in the opposite direction .
 From each fragment result , the first MATH samples will not be valid values and will therefore be eliminated , see Figure REF .
 Afek , Kutten and Yung algorithm CITE -LRB- MATH -RRB- builds a BFS tree in the read/write atomicity model in a uniform system without a distinguished root process .
 This algorithm assumes that all nodes have globally unique identifiers which can be totally ordered and the node with the largest identifier eventually becomes the root of the tree .
 We found 45.9 % , 43.5 % and 44.1 % of uniqueness for 64 RO PUF , 128 RO PUF and 256 RO PUF respectively .
 For the environment adaptive technique , we enrolled the PUF at three different reference voltages of .96 V , 1.2 V and 1.44 V.
 Since our method yielded 100 % error free outputs as shown in the previous section , we do not enroll for different temperatures .
 That is , the following values are computed : MATHDISP
 Notice that , over certain specific non-Abelian groups , HSP was already solved in CITE .
 P-type ILC scheme CITE was extended to a class of nonlinear discrete-time systems , in addition , CITE utilized a higher order ILC to deal with nonlinear systems .
 Notwithstanding these approaches mentioned above were possessed of the convergence property , convergence speeds were of inadequate achievement .
 Therefore , this paper proposes the nonlinear construction iterative learning law to improve performance of ILC algorithm in the nonlinear context .
 For the same reason as in the proof of Theorem 1 , we only need to prove for MATH or MATH .
 By Theorem 14.5 , we have MATH .
 Hence , by using Theorems 16.12 , 16.15 and 14.9 , we can infer that MATH and MATH .
 Thus , again by Theorem 14.5 , the required assertions are also true .
 They can be thought of as morphisms in the category MATH of all -LRB- small -RRB- categories as objects , and all functors as morphisms .
 It tracks the location of data to produce schedules that avoid as much as possible , large data transfers .
 User identification and authentication in pervasive environments are also important due to the range of devices and services that users have access to .
 Brand advertising : aims at making a brand widely recognized in the general public .
 The purpose is instead to create a general image of trust , reliability , elegance -LRB- or other positive feeling -RRB- in customers , that is retained for a long period of time and that will become useful when the person is in need of one if the products covered by that brand .
 In this formulation , a submatch -LRB- or simply a match -RRB- is intuitively a set of associations , which satisfies the pairwise feasibility constraints , and two additional criteria : high internal compatibility , i.e. the associations belonging to the match are mutually highly compatible , and low external compatibility , i.e. associations outside the match are scarcely compatible with those inside .
 Further , we are able to deal with many-to-many , one-to-many , many-to-one and one-to-one relations in an uniform way , as we do not impose restriction on the way the associations are selected , but incorporate the constraints with the compatibilities .
 The service model of NIRA CITE may be stated as providing an Internet-style communication service that inherently supports user-selected domain level routes .
 Let us define now the R-algebra of a database mapping-operad , based on homotopy theory CITE , where its abstract operations are represented by actual functions :
 For a given universe of values MATH and R-operad O , a R-algebra MATH consists of -LRB- here ' MATH ' denotes the set-difference -RRB- :
 In the context of network security , almost all the major vendors in the field of intrusion detection and prevention sell hardware appliances that implement the high-level functions of alert aggregator , alert database and management interface , and that can be used to monitor and to gather alerts from multiple distributed IDSs and IPSs .
 Some examples are the Sourcefire defence center  CITE , TopLayer 's SecureCommand  CITE , Datamation  Dragon IDS/IPS CITE and Qbik 's NetPatrol CITE , among others .
 Similar architectures can also be built upon Open Source software , such as the Prelude IDS framework CITE .
 As shown in CITE , the propulsion system of the aircraft is provided by two turbofans , positioned into the rear fuselage ; thus , the lifting system is free of concentrated loads due to the engines and a solution in composites becomes more attractive .
 The main structures manufactured in composites are becoming usual in modern civil transport aircraft ; wings , in particular , are free of possible strokes and impacts during ground operations and are candidate to be such a structural solution .
 This is of course a very slow process , when compared to clouds which are instead privately funded and operated .
 Due to the absence of decimation , as well as to the zero phase and MATH dB amplitude cutoff of the filter , the synthesis is simply obtained by summing all detail levels to the approximation : MATHDISP in which MATH and MATH , MATH , are obtained through 2-D separable linear convolution with MATH and MATH , MATH , shown in -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , respectively .
 Equivalently , they can be calculated by means of a tree-split algorithm , i.e. , by taking pixel differences between convolutions of the original signal with progressively up-sampled versions of the lowpass filter .
 When more unknown attacks are added into the system , then the snort as signature based system fail to detect unknown attacks .
 In earlier weeks , when SHAPE is deployed , detection rate is less as the learning is minimum .
 We have verified this by taking the combination of known and unknown attacks in packets passed to security agent .
 Mapping and scheduling problems of non conditional graphs on multi-processor systems have been traditionally tackled by means of Integer Linear Programming -LRB- ILP -RRB- .
 Again a VNA was used to scan the 3-8 GHz band and the influence of passengers was studied .
 In this book , we 're going to show you a lot of different ways of filling up all these different methods with the tasks that you need to perform in your game .
 During this process , we 'll also introduce a lot of programming techniques that are useful for games -LRB- and , indeed , for a lot of other applications -RRB- .
 In the following section , we 're going to look into the basic game application in more detail .
 Then , we 're going to fill this basic skeleton of a game with some additional instructions .
 Huang et al CITE propose an aberrant Voronoi graph to approximate the ordinal Voronoi diagram , which can be constructed locally .
 Each node derives its aberrant Voronoi region as the intersection of its sensing area and the ordinal Voronoi cell constructed based only its one-hop neighbors .
 The aberrant Voronoi graph is the union of such aberrant Voronoi regions of all nodes and its edges may consist of both lines and curves .
 The Table REF presents the results on ubo200 which are compared to the iterative flattening searches Ifs , Ifs-Fr , and Ifs-Mcsr from CITE .
 It is calculated similarily to MATH , but using the best known upper bound .
 Multi-node and multi-terminal wireless communication scenarios are currently under intensive investigation in the research community .
 An extension of these principles into the wireless -LRB- signal space -RRB- domain is however non-trivial .
 The amplify-and-forward strategy , as a particular case of the compress-and forward strategy , is considered to be the strategy used in the proposed virtual antenna array concept .
 For a search problem MATH the equivalence relation MATH includes all pairs of instances MATH such that MATH .
 In this approach a master thread decodes chunks of video data and passes them to the worker threads .
 We can partition sensors into different covers -LRB- each a subset of sensors that can satisfy the coverage requirement -RRB- , and activate these covers in a round robin fashion .
 Also , the conference dinner on the day of inauguration of conference is subsidized to the extent of 50 percent .
 Resemblance-Preserving vs. Equivalence-Protecting We note that the requirements in definitions REF and REF are incomparable -LRB- we show in REF that there exist search problems that admit resemblance-preserving but no equivalence-protecting algorithms , and vise versa -RRB- .
 Furthermore , Definition REF does not prevent partial disclosure , or even full disclosure of the seed by the algorithm .
 Transaction or Binary Valued Pattern Consider a transaction with 6 items .
 We represent 5 transactions with corresponding itemsets in Table REF .
 For example , in transaction 3 , items 3 , 5 and 6 are purchased .
 The Cloud computing system CITE , MATH , is a set of Cloud computing infrastructures owned and maintained by 3rd party providers such as Amazon EC2 , Flexiscale , and Go-Grid .
 In reality , an Cloud application provisioning system can create multiple virtual clouds within single or multiple Cloud computing environments .
 Virtual clouds that are hosted in different Cloud computing domains -LRB- data centers -RRB- are connected to each other through Internet ; this implies that inter virtual cloud communication is dynamic and heterogeneous .
 The performance of Cloud resources -LRB- such as processor speed , memory , cache size , disk , and storage -RRB- that are allocated to a virtual machine can be approximated by measuring capacity , spindle count , seek time , and transfer speed .
 However our protocol does not require one-time signature schemes , making the communication much shorter than in CITE .
 Finally our security reduction is more efficient as it depends only on the number of parties in the network , while Katz 's depends on the total number of sessions .
 The scheduler maintains the resource availability information as well as creating , starting and stopping the VMs through the Virtual Machine Manager -LRB- VMM -RRB- .
 The better the classification is , the lower is the staining estimation error .
 the S-box size is three bits
 the S-boxes are not chosen from the set of all 3-bit S-boxes , but from a set of only 32 -LRB- closely related -RRB- S-boxes
 the `` round keys '' MATH are public
 Let 's summarize some of the concerns that this solution raises , and just sketch some ideas for how we might deal with each .
 Later , we 'll cover these same topics in the body of the textbook , but in a more thoughtful , detailed way .
 If the GATE Cloud process does crash , for whatever reason -LRB- e.g. hardware failure , or power cut -RRB- , the process can be restarted using exactly the same mechanism that was used to launch it originally .
 We have presented a comprehensive taxonomy of recently proposed energy-efficient routing approaches in WSNs based on the types of applications supported by WSNs .
 Thanks to the low overhead of developing SAGA adaptors , we were able to implement the Sector file adaptor , and the Sphere job adaptor for applications to utilize the stream processing paradigm through SAGA .
 If we 're going to use computers , we might as well put them where the power is cheap and keep them working 24x7 .
 The maximum percentage of times -LRB- out of 1000 simulations -RRB- for any network density that EDB outperforms a solution of the Pareto front is 2.1 % -LRB- found on the 125 devices/km MATH networks -RRB- .
 He also proved another similar result in that paper , which implies the previous one :
 Then , by obvious algebra , the equation MATHDISP for the unknowns MATH and MATH possesses the unique solution given by MATHDISP and MATHDISP satisfying for all MATH , MATHDISP
 Here , we use abstraction MATH and the MATH th point MATH to generate the abstraction MATH .
 Here , we use abstraction MATH and the MATH th point MATH to generate the abstraction MATH .
 It is useful in dealing with stream data mining ; in big data analytics , it deals with velocity in the three MATH model .
 It is n't hard to see why confusion about membership will translate to trouble if we want to replicate data .
 If the system is n't consistent about which members are operational , it may neglect to update one of the replicas , in which case that replica will start to give incorrect information to the pilots and controllers who are unlucky enough to query it .
 Conversely , if we can trust a membership service to tell us which processes `` belong '' to the system , we 'll be in a position to use that information in support of simple tools , like libraries that maintain replicated data and provide ways to lock items for exclusive use , and then in higher level algorithms , for example to rapidly `` fail over '' from a process that crashes to one that remains healthy so as to maintain near-continuous availability .
 Thus , only shifts along the ridge -LRB- i.e. along the edge -RRB- cause little change in MATH .
 Writing a square matrix as a product of idempotent matrices attracted the attention of several Linear Algebraists .
 Remember that MATHDISP .
 A system MATH of closed , convex cones with common apex MATH in MATH is said to be separable if there exists a hyperplane MATH through MATH that separates one of the cones from the intersection of others .
 Compatibility with the Internet : Plutarch subsumes the Internet as a context ;
 The PITM model CITE is tailored towards defining UC where the environment is a master process and the adversaries are regular processes i.e. , MATH .
 Depending on which entities are involved , different computational models are defined : the real model -LRB- involving the environment , the real adversary , and the real protocol -RRB- , the ideal model -LRB- involving the environment , the ideal adversary , and the ideal functionality together with dummy parties -RRB- , and the hybrid model which is a combination of the previous two models .
 Thus we will present a new approach to solve this problem that is called optimal multicast multi-sources routing -LRB- OMMSR -RRB- .
 In fact we have MATH SSMSs that each of them starts from source node MATH and terminates to group of destination nodes MATH .
 This means that MATH MATH or MATH starts from source node MATH and terminates to MATH destination nodes MATH .
 Therefore , the number of sources nodes is MATH and also the number of all destination nodes is MATH .
 Also , such simulations often require the ability to acquire additional resources , if e.g. a certain simulation event occurs that requires the spawning of an additional replica .
 This capability is also useful for applications where the execution time and resource requirements can not be determined exactly in advance , either due to changes in runtime requirements or interesting changes in application structure -LRB- e.g. different solver with different resource requirement or a different workflow path CITE -RRB- .
 It does prove infeasibility of these four infeasible instances in less than MATH seconds and finds a first solution for these two feasible instances in MATH seconds and MATH seconds respectively .
 Within one second both our methods Restart and Hot Restart were able to prove the optimality of substantially more instances than B&B MATH .
 To encrypt a message MATH with keys MATH it is sufficient to encrypt MATH with MATH , i.e. compute MATH , and then compute a message authentication tag for MATH using MATH , i.e. compute MATH .
 Thus , the total electric-field vector MATH can be obtained as the linear combination of the unpolarised and the completely polarised field vectors CITE , which is given by MATHDISP , where MATH denotes the transpose of a vector and MATH .
 Adam J. Glagell demonstrates that pure permutation algorithm is vulnerable to known-plaintext attack , and hence its use should be careful considered CITE .
 If MATH , it means that all the neighbors of the node -LRB- and all their sub-trees -RRB- have converged .
 From the recurrences -LRB- 3 -RRB- , we see that the calculation of MATH is state-type dependent .
 The maximum over all possible choices of child states MATH is the sum of three terns : an emission term MATH , a transition tern MATH and the score of the optimal parse tree rooted in MATH that generates MATH has already been calculated in the DP-matrix cell MATH .
 Furthermore , we get the three-dimension view of the execution processing of the CYK/inside algorithm as shown in Fig. 3 .
 The processing starts by those elements located in the edge of bottommost triangular layer -LRB- E-states , length 0 subsequences on diagonal , cells marked by red color -RRB- .
 The computation moves along diagonals in a wavefront mode until reaching the right-angled vertex in current layer .
 When the last cell MATH worked out -LRB- the cell marked by green color -RRB- , the CYK/inside algorithm returns .
 When MATH the community detection algorithm gives perfect results .
 In this game there is no trusted party , instead , the simulator MATH is given as input MATH 's witness MATH .
 Then the output distributions in the simulation and in game Game MATH are computationally indistinguishable via a standard reduction to the security of MATH .
 We proceed by induction on MATH that is the size of MATH .
 Notice that we may assume that MATH has no partner , otherwise we can immediately apply the induction hypothesis .
 Now MATH is matched to some randomly chosen MATH .
 One can check by the definition of MATH that the weights of the elements of MATH are invariant if MATH had no partner .
 If MATH had the partner MATH then the expected new weight of MATH is at most MATH .
 Now by induction one can see that for the resulting smaller subproblem the random algorithm has expected cost MATH .
 If MATH , then all the units of order MATH are early -LRB- see Figure REF -RRB- and we have MATHDISP
 The number of extra one-way function invocations induced by truncation related alarms is expected to be MATHDISP , for each Hellman table .
 Fix a random function MATH and suppose that we are given a pre-computed chain of length MATH , generated with MATH from a random starting point .
 Due to the ultra-wide bandwidth of the channel , a single channel transfer function samples the complete distribution of the fading statistics .
 Non Cooperative Situations Determination at the RA Level
 MATH , if MATH non square or MATH and MATH non square and MATH and MATH are squares in MATH .
 In what follows , we list some other problem variants based on different assumptions , objectives or other coverage models .
 In the MU MIMO BC , the BS is the transmitter thus each channel matrix , MATH , is of dimension : MATH .
 The capacity of the MIMO BC , MATH , is commonly cited as follows , under the assumption of unity noise variance : CITE CITE : MATHDISP
 We obtain that MATHDISP
 Because of MATHDISP we finally obtain that MATH .
 If MATH and MATH consist of the only point MATH , then MATH and , therefore , MATH .
 In the case MATH , that is all the points lie in a line MATH , then the subspace REF is of dimension 1 and is spanned over the linear function MATH such that MATH .
 An initial rotor trim code based on 2-D aerodynamics is followed by a vortex-lattice free-wake analysis , that is then coupled with a roll-up model in order to identify the higher-intensity vortex structures .
 The distance matrix stores the sequence similarity that it is used in the next phases .
 This step is implemented by a master-worker paradigm using a Guided Self Scheduling method -LRB- GSS -RRB- .
 Already fiber based optics helps replacing thousands of comparatively heavy copper cables and connectors which link up to hundred electronic boards that can be contained in a modern satellite .
 WDM techniques are very attractive in this context since they allow a space multiplexing of several channels in one physical link , realized either as a fibre or as a waveguide structure .
 The objective of this subsection is to illustrate applicability of the schemes on different types of data .
 Appendix REF contains description of intrusion detection dataset that is part of KDDCUP '99 challenge .
 The data which consists of floating point valued features is quantized into binary data .
 Ontology based Access Control Model for Security Policy Reasoning in Cloud Computing
 Due to the result in Lions and Magenes CITE , it is well known that for every MATH and MATH , there exists a unique solution MATH to the initial-boundary value problem REF in the space MATH .
 So , following the line of the proof of theorems cited above , the reader can easily show that the OCP REF - REF has a unique solution MATH in the class MATH MATH , provided this problem is regular .
 However , as we will see later , the same result remains valid in less regular space of admissible pairs - namely in the case when we take MATH instead of MATH .
 Therefore , if for instance MATH is only a group , then for any MATH and MATH we may naturally define MATH .
 In particular , Strong Blackbox with placements of the master process as considered in CITE and Universal Composability with placements of the master process as considered in CITE implies Universal Composability with placements of the master process as considered in CITE .
 A human subject stands at about 2.5 m away from the wall and looks at -LRB- 1 -RRB- horizontally aligned markers one by one , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- vertically aligned markers one by one -LRB- Figure REF left and right respectively -RRB- .
 The structured grid requires a multi-block approach in order to overcome the topological limitations which arise when meshing complex geometries .
 For example , one of the integrated solver -LRB- PanAir -RRB- requires that no gaps exist at the common interfaces , where other solvers -LRB- UPM -RRB- do n't .
 Even if it is usually good practice to avoid such holes , and thus this has been set as a general rule .
 The structured grid generator GUI layout is depicted in Fig . REF
 Provide an FSM based solution for Alg .
 Then there is a long-term UC secure protocol MATH for zero-knowledge with relation MATH -LRB- i.e. , realising MATH -RRB- using a polynomial number of commitments from prover MATH to verifier MATH -LRB- i.e. , MATH -RRB- .
 Once the surface normal MATH has been obtained at every pixel , the global illuminant direction is the solution to the following linear equation MATHDISP , where the matrix on the left-hand side has a size of MATH , and the right hand size is a 3-element column vector .
 Arguably the most salient property of the UC security definition -LRB- and other security definitions of the same kind like RSIM CITE -RRB- is the so-called composition theorem .
 One flavor allows MATH to invoke an arbitrary number of instances of the subprotocol MATH or MATH , respectively -LRB- universal composition theorem -RRB- , while the other , more restricted flavor requires MATH to invoke only a single instance of the subprotocol -LRB- called the simple composition theorem in the following -RRB- .
 For UC with respect to reactive polynomial time , however , the universal composition theorem holds -LRB- see below -RRB- of which the simple composition theorem is a direct consequence .
 Also , what we 're slowly working toward is a software design where each game object deals with its own stuff .
 Accumulate the curvature between two neighboring corners thus yielding the curve of accumulated curvature .
 -LRB- b -RRB- The goal is achieved whence machine MATH is operating on an instantaneous power that is scaled as the MATH - th lowest power consumption of machine MATH .
 The construction of a QN can be split in two steps : definition , that includes the representation of service centers , their number , and the interconnection topology of the network ; parameterization , that aims at defining the input parameters of the network , that are : the arrival processes or the number of customers , the classes of customers , the service rates or latencies , scheduling policies and queue lengths at the service centers , and the routing probability over the network branches -LRB- given by the customers ' behavior -RRB- .
 We first show a basic trapdoor commitment based on RSA -LRB- see CITE -RRB- and later show how to make it into a MTC .
 The triple MATH are the public parameters .
 For example , these two previous rules would produce the decomposition scheme for task REF AI-DFS shown in Figure REF .
 We shall explainBoolean variables that take theBoolean values of 0 or 1 andBoolean operations applied to them .
 The mathematical system based on these is called apredicative logic orBoolean logic .
 If 1 is related to the truth and 0 to the false , the predicative logic becomes the basis of discussing the correctness of inferences as well as the basis of exploring the relationship between inputs and outputs of the gates that constitute hardware of computers .
 Apart from the variations in the definitions and the method employed to identify communities , there are many variation in the final desired solution .
 As an example , several researcher aim to find the entire hierarchical community dendrogram CITE while others wish to identify only the optimal community partition CITE .
 The results are returned to the user , and are also forwarded to the cache .
 Otherwise , the cache replacement policy may decide to delete some of the currently cached results so as to make room for the newly computed set .
 Third , a rule based system was used to assign tasks to technicians .
 We present a new encryption scheme which is secure against adaptive chosen-ciphertext attack -LRB- or CCA2-secure -RRB- in the standard model -LRB- i.e. without the use of random oracle -RRB- .
 As mentioned above , the difficulty can be resolved by using a doubly-enhanced TDP .
 When using a doubly-enhanced TDP , for any polynomial MATH , the sampler that outputs MATH , where MATH are random domain elements and MATH are random bits , is a MATH - oblivious sampler for the TDP based public-key encryption scheme .
 This fact follows from Claim REF , which states that even given the random strings MATH , which are used to sample MATH respectively , the bits MATH , where MATH , are pseudorandom .
 Thus , given MATH , the MATH plaintext bits that correspond to the MATH ciphertexts MATH , are also pseudorandom since they are respectively `` masked '' by the pseudorandom bits MATH .
 Choice .
 Choice .
 The two papers CITE , from the same group , analyse diversity and channel capacity respectively , for measured UWB channels in two spacious and mostly-open office environments of dimensions in the order of MATH m.
 Results are discussed in Section REF
 Regardless of security issues , we first have to show that the protocol indeed computes the MATH - ranked item .
 We need to show that -LRB- a -RRB- The preprocessing performed in Steps 1-3 does not eliminate the MATH - ranked value and -LRB- b -RRB- The MATH value of MATH is the MATH - ranked value in MATH for each MATH -LRB- where MATH are the sorted sequences maintained by parties MATH , MATH , respectively , during round MATH -RRB- .
 From scenario one of Fig . REF and REF , it can be seen that the MFS strategy is the superior one .
 This is becuase , when the node 's storage is full , the MFS strategy only replaces the old group of replicas with the new one if it is found that it is more important than that group in terms of NOR .
 Thus , any replica in the replaced group might be requested in the future and in this case the node must bring it from another node which takes times and consumes the valuable bandwidth .
 Affiliation of the client , time of submission , and type of resource requested , are some of the possible attributes a Grid node administrator can use to specify a policy .
 The moving object should keep going in the direction to the target object -LRB- the object to be avoided -RRB- and deviate from the target object relatively close to it to be considered an avoidance .
 A counterexample is a person walking and one or more kilometers away he/she deviates from a security camera ; this person is probably changing his/her direction by any other reason and not for escaping the security camera , therefore , not characterizing an avoidance behavior .
 Moreover , that approach can be used to enhance the decision making process of an autonomic system .
 These results are in keeping with our expectations , again showing consistent behavior in low vegetation , while revealing the additional headroom available in the MATH response as the vegetation increases .
 Again , in terms of conditional probability , we have for all MATH , MATH , MATH MATHDISP .
 The network bandwidth should be factored in to efficient allocation as in , CITE , and should affect pricing .
 In CITE intra and inter-cluster communications are carried out thanks to the clusterheads .
 In CITE the authors propose a hierarchical structure for addressing and routing protocol .
 We first investigates the amount of handoff history needed to provide accurate next-AP predictions .
 Sometimes , a lower layer should n't even try to do so .
 First formulated in a 1981 conference paper by Saltzer , Reed , and Clark , the end-to-end argument -LRB- the `` proof '' of the principle -RRB- shows that the best way to achieve network reliability is n't necessarily to make the lowest layers of the network reliable .
 More specially , by Theorems 3.3 and 3.6 , we can also state
 If MATH is MATH used in TAE mode , then if MATH is a secure tweakable block cipher , MATH is pseudorandom .
 If MATH is MATH used in TAE mode , then if MATH is a secure tweakable block cipher , MATH is pseudorandom .
 The scenario for MitM detection includes three different financial institution .
 In particular , a CoMiFin Event is created whenever a customer logs to the home-banking web site of one of the participating financial institutions .
 Here we should perhaps pause an note that in fact , partitioning is n't an issue within modern data centers , because they use very resilient data center networking hardware .
 Thus the kinds of partitioning events that occur tend to isolate and `` kill '' a small number of machines , leaving the remainder of the data center connected and healthy .
 Transition 3 : Caused by the process scheduler when it decides to give a ready process the chance to run .
 An object MATH is called zero object if it is both terminal and initial .
 For example in MATH the empty set is initial , while any singleton set is -LRB- up to isomorphism -RRB- terminal object .
 Since , MATH is a deterministic function of MATH , given MATH let the ciphertext in the second stage be MATH with length MATH , i.e. MATH .
 We will also refer to MATH as IV MATH , or just IV ' when clear from context .
 In the previous part of this section we have seen how the mapping functions and the redistribution algorithm are employed in Clusterfile .
 In this subsection we present an analysis of timings of data operations in Clusterfile .
 Analysis for Hellman tradeoffs and single table -LRB- non-perfect -RRB- rainbow tradeoffs were done in CITE .
 For conciseness we group together such candidates and we write : MATHDISP instead of MATH .
 In order to perform this computation the signer must know the discrete log values of all of his public generators .
 Material in this chapter is mostly based on CITE .
 Yet we 're gaining powerful capabilities , and perhaps could compensate for the technical deficiencies in these areas using legal mechanisms : if we ca n't secure private data adequately with the tools cloud platforms offer us , we can at least jail those who steal private data and misuse it in ways that harm the individual .
 Gallager , Humbelt and Spira proposed a synchronous algorithm -LRB- MATH -RRB- with concurrent initiators to find the MST of a graph .
 This algorithm requires synchronization of each phase which may be provided by a synchronizer or a spanning tree of the whole network may be constructed beforehand as in the previous algorithm of MATH at the cost of additional messages .
 Additionally , different than the synchronous algorithms we have seen before , this algorithm also requires synchronization of all fragments within a round so that nodes in each fragment should be executing the same round concurrently .
 MATHDISP
 On the Y-axis this figure represents the reader threads referencing a node that is being removed from a dynamic structure .
 Concretely , it shows the changes suffered by a linked list containing three elements -LRB- A , B and C -RRB- while an updater thread deletes element B.
 For ease of notation we also define MATH of a server MATH to be the server in MATH that serves MATH .
 For ease of processing we also assume that the servers in a QoS satisfying set MATH are sorted according to their communication cost to MATH , i.e. , MATH , where MATH is any server in MATH .
 However , as advocated by Levin CITE in a somewhat different context -LRB- see CITE -RRB- , a better definition of `` flexible probabilistic efficiency '' is obtained by requiring that the running-time itself , as a random variable , be upper-bounded by a polynomial in a random variable that has expectation that is at most linear -LRB- in the length of the input -RRB- .
 In particular , Levin 's definitional approach eliminates the technical difficulties exemplified at the end of Footnote REF , and provides a robust definition of probabilistic efficiency ; that is , if a probabilistic algorithm is deemed `` efficient '' then also a modification that squares its running time will yield an `` efficient '' algorithm .
 In REF we extend Levin 's definitional approach to interactive strategies , pursuing the same alternatives as those presented in REF , and establishing analogous extendability and composition results .
 Proof.Since MATH is an invariant subspace of MATH , there exists a matrix MATH such that MATHDISP Indeed , let the matrix MATH is formed by the eigenvectors of MATH such that MATHDISP where each vector MATH satisfies the equation MATHDISP Here MATH are the corresponding eigenvalues .
 In the extended form , the relation -LRB- REF -RRB- is MATHDISP Postmultiplying this equation by MATH we get MATHDISP
 Then , the pre-multiplication of this equality by MATH implies MATHDISP that means that MATH satisfies -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Then any other basis from MATH spanning MATH can be represented as MATHDISP and , hence , MATHDISP that proves the theorem .
 The third , and strongest version follows the same structure and formulation of the previous version -LRB- Version 2 -RRB- .
 In the ideal model of the explicit cheat formulation , the adversary can always cheat and obtain the honest parties ' inputs .
 If we are allowed to spend sufficiently enough time to solve the problem we can construct an algorithm , based on a context-free grammar given , to decide whether or not a string is generated by the grammar .
 If MATH for at least one of such sequences , the grammar generates MATH , and does not generate MATH otherwise .
 This is a typical example of brute-force search .
 When the number of the rules in the grammar is denoted by MATH , then the total number of sequences of rules of length MATH is given by MATH , which is an exponential function in the length MATH of an input string and becomes enormously large as MATH gets large .
 Hence the way to solve the membership problem can not be practical .
 In this sense , they do n't necessarily have to invalidate the claims listed in the patent application .
 But the variation is found to be consistently larger for the WINNER II scenarios whereas only negligible variation is observed for some of the SCME scenarios .
 A detailed investigation of the range of capacity variation as a function of angular spread in a single cluster model confirms this .
 Consequently , the more under-utilized a facility , the more expensive it becomes in terms of the total cost of ownership .
 Task status are exchanged to broadcast local knowledge on all nodes , and thus , to compute an accurate global view of the calculus .
 More recently , the work on dataspaces CITE shares some of the same characteristics as data integration in cloud intelligence , including uncertainty in the data , and pay-as-you-go data integration CITE .
 However , dataspaces are generally instance-focused and do not consider analytics functionality , let alone cloud intelligence .
 Pilot-Jobs have been used to -LRB- i -RRB- improve the utilization of resources , -LRB- ii -RRB- to reduce the net wait time of a collection of tasks , -LRB- iii -RRB- facilitate bulk or high-throughput simulations where multiple jobs need to be submitted which would otherwise saturate the queuing system , and -LRB- iv -RRB- as a basis to implement application specific scheduling decisions and policy decisions .
 A closer look at the Kol and Naor mechanism -LRB- in the non-simultaneous model -RRB- , raises another possible problem , namely the possibility that one of the parties has some prior information about the secret .
 Suppose that the long party has some prior information about the secret MATH , or has access to some `` place '' where it can check whether the possible current secret MATH is the real secret -LRB- e.g. the secret is a password to some web server , and the party can just type the password and sees if it works -RRB- .
 Blacklisting nodes is a delicate matter ; we want to place malicious nodes `` playing-dead '' on this list , while at the same time we do n't want honest nodes that are temporarily disconnected from being on this list for too long .
 We show in Theorem REF and Lemma REF that the occasional honest node that gets put on the blacklist wo n't significantly hinder packet transmission .
 This proof follows the outline of Theorem REF : supposing that there is a UM-adversary MATH that breaks the integrity of the emulation `` authenticated world vs unauthenticated world '' with non negligible probability MATH we can build an equivocator MATH for the MTC scheme or a forger MATH for the one-time signature system .
 More specifically , the MITC4 elements CITE has been used for the space discretization .
 These shell elements are three-dimensional solid but the typical constraints of the shell kinematics are forced .
 To avoid shear locking a mixed interpolation of the tensorial component has been adopted CITE .
 Two of these instances were examples of `` high volume '' MitM activities , in which customers login activities to the same service and IP address from distinct users were above the detection threshold -LRB- i.e. , more than MATH events in a MATH , see Figure REF -RRB- .
 The processing time is measured only in case of the DHT-based Container .
 In parallel with these steps , early model validation and analysis can guarantee that the monitoring configuration is correct and complete while the `` overmonitoring '' of the system can be also prevented by analysis of the thresholds and metrics -LRB- see the dashed arrows in the figure -RRB- .
 Interoperability and bundling of services are controlled by a Bundle Configurator and Assistant tool , designed to semi-automatically assist the creation of service bundles .
 The elements of this layer can be spun up or shut down very abruptly as demand varies A second row of stateful services runs behind the first-tier applications providing somewhat greater functionality , but at higher cost and with less ability to scale up or down as quickly .
 Assume the strong RSA problem is asymptotically hard with respect to a distribution ensemble MATH over safe prime products .
 Then the computational group family MATH of invertible integers modulo MATH -LRB- with the modular multiplication group operation , and uniform sampling procedure over MATH -RRB- is pseudo-free with respect to the same distribution ensemble MATH .
 Assume that MATH is not pseudo-free , i.e. , there is a probabilistic polynomial time algorithm MATH that on input a randomly chosen MATH and random group elements MATH -LRB- for some polynomial sized set MATH -RRB- , outputs an unsatisfiable equation MATH -LRB- over constants MATH and variables MATH -RRB- together with a solution MATH to MATH over the group MATH .
 In this section we consider the impact of parameter selection .
 Both methods have been largely studied in 1-D chains and 2-D fan-shaped or circular region as CITE .
 However , none of them studied the imbalance problem in the 2-D WSNs with regular topologies and formulate this mathematically .
 This geometry can be represented in different ways , e.g. , by a polygonal mesh , various types of splines , or level-sets .
 The area of a bounded and measurable set MATH is given by the following : MATHDISP
 The integration is for the characteristic function MATH of set MATH that is equal to 1 for all points in MATH , and equal to 0 otherwise .
 In a more extensive form , the definition reads as follows : MATHDISP
 The resulting loglikelihood is averaged over all 10 results ;
 The significant difference in the number of created states as shown in Fig . REF -LRB- a -RRB- and the wide range of task graphs for which this pruning technique is effective as shown in Fig . REF -LRB- b -RRB- indicate that the node equivalence pruning technique is very effective for the workload used .
 D. Lin et al. . CITE proposed a data protection framework that is composed of three modules named policy ranking , policy integration and policy enforcement .
 After finding the best service provider , proposed centralized model -LRB- for policy integration module -RRB- creates policies to be agreed by involving parties .
 Finally the policy enforcement module -LRB- uses either tight coupling or loose coupling -RRB- examines whether the confidentiality of data and policies are guaranteed at any time and at any location or not .
 Within the developed approach , time intervals where the electric energy receive different electric cost rates are identified -LRB- see figure REF -RRB- and they are charged at different rates .
 A series of constraints are used to model this issue -LRB- e.g. constraints REF to REF and REF to REF -RRB- .
 A simplified MILP Model -LRB- MILPs -RRB- ;
 A simplified CLP Model -LRB- CLPs -RRB- ;
 A CLPs-MILP combined approach ; and ,
 The structure of this paper is as follows : Sections 2 presents MPJ background information .
 Lensch et al CITE captured 20 images of the measured object simultaneously with its shape .
 The authors fitted Lafortune lobes CITE to a sparse spatially-clustered view and illumination-dependent data representing a subset of BRDF values .
 As explained in Section REF DCC incurs in an additional performance degradation when it is ported from a shared-bus to a direct-network .
 As mentioned in CITE , this helps to illustrate the performance degradation occurred within a SMT processor when two copies of the same thread are running within the same core .
 Note that the only difference to the hybrid simulator from the proof the composition theorem in the classical UC setting is that MATH has no upper bound on the number of instances of MATH it simulates .
 In many cases , you will then discover that the program does n't exactly do what you want it to do .
 Here we use just one thread for each product in the B&B phase and several threads for the combination phase .
 This topic is well researched , and lot of work has been done in the context of SNs alone CITE , CITE , CITE , CITE and CITE .
 Hajibagheri et al. . CITE have given a framework based on Information Diffusion Model and Game Theory .
 An innovative approach is given my applying modularity to Girvan Newman algorithm by Bing Kong et al. . CITE .
 However , as mentioned in Section I , to the best of our knowledge , an integrated framework of IoT and SNs have not been well explored .
 Extending Lifetime of Cluster Head -LRB- ELCH -RRB- CITE is yet another cluster based algorithm .
 Once the clusters have been organized , the CHs form a multi-hop routing backbone towards sink .
 The data is directly sent to CH by its cluster members .
 The intersection constraint thereby reasons about occupancy in 3D space , i.e. , the spatial extents of 3D objects should not intersect each other .
 For example , in figure REF f -LRB- right arrow -RRB- , Object Stereo assigns the top and the bottom part of the can to the same object , while the middle part is assigned to a different object .
 This volume intersection is physically very unlikely , whereas our results in figures REF c and REF d are physically plausible .
 Our second physics-based constraint , i.e. , the gravity constraint , encodes the observation that objects usually do not float in the air , but stand on top of each other due to gravity .
 In the first tier , we do see a need for replication and even value in supporting consistency , even though the data in question is soft state .
 True , we 'll discard any replicas that are bound to a service instance we shut down , or that crashes , but this does n't mean that consistency wo n't have a value .
 Indeed , one can imagine entire high-assurance services living entirely in the first tier , and doing all kinds of active mission-critical things , in settings as sensitive as health care , operating the smart power grid , or doing or air traffic control .
 Consistency relates to giving the right answer and is n't necessarily a function of data durability .
 Lin and Gerla described a modified version of the lowest-ID algorithm -LRB- MATH -RRB- to solve the problems of the above algorithms CITE and partition a network into non-overlapping clusters .
 They assumed every node knows identifiers of their neighbor nodes which may be provided by the physical layer .
 In particular , we consider two kinds of service knowledge : -LRB- i -RRB- a local service knowledge representation , to enable the definition of the semantic service descriptions intriduced in the previous section ; -LRB- ii -RRB- a network service knowledge , to conceptualize the notion of semantic links between peers with similar services , to improve service request forwarding throughout the P2P network .
 The time memory tradeoff curve for the DP tradeoff is MATH , where the tradeoff coefficient is MATHDISP .
 For any non-negative integer MATH , we know its MATH - analogue MATH , where MATH .
 At the end of this subsection we cite some auxiliary results that we feel are interesting per se .
 We recall that each of the sets MATH is the homothetic stretching of MATH at MATH times .
 Given a MATH - colored tournament MATH , as with standard color coding we will say that an arc set MATH is colourful if no arc in MATH is monochromatic .
 An ordering MATH of MATH is colourful if the feedback arc set corresponding to MATH is colourful .
 An optimal colourful ordering of MATH is a colourful ordering of MATH with minimum cost among all colourful orderings .
 We now give an algorithm that takes a MATH - colored arc weighted tournament MATH as input and finds a colourful feedback arc set of minimum weight , or concludes that no such feedback arc set exists .
 The wavelet multi-resolution tree method CITE represents a DT as a hierarchical multi-scale transformation associated with a 3D wavelet .
 The input trees are statistically merged to generate new outputs .
 Step III-3 For each vertex group MATH in MATH , calculate the average of MATH by : MATHDISP , where MATH denotes the number of vertices in MATH .
 We conclude that the probability the second event happens in an execution of MATH is negligible .
 Since the execution of MATH with multiple MATH is otherwise identical to the execution of MATH , we conclude that , MATHDISP
 It is capable of marking up web documents with semantic data and present the result to the user .
 It is capable of marking up web documents with semantic data and present the result to the user .
 Without loss of generality we may assume that MATH , MATH , since if MATH for some MATH , we may discard the redundant participants from that compartment without reducing the row space of the corresponding matrix .
 Furthermore , we may assume that MATH , since if MATH we may find a superset MATH such that MATH , MATH , and MATH and prove that MATH can not learn a thing about the secret with probability MATH ; since MATH has more information than MATH does , that will settle our claim .
 As far as a MATH is concerned we have the following .
 -LRB- This is because , MATH has possibly read other values that are no longer consistent with the value of MATH just obtained . -RRB-
 Furthermore , unless MATH is small , the assumption MATH can not continue to hold as MATH is increased , so that the tradeoff curve will eventually return to the usual MATH after a certain point .
 That is , there exists a projection function MATH that maps keys MATH into their projections MATH , such that there is an efficient algorithm that given only MATH , MATH , MATH and MATH a witness of MATH -LRB- which exists because MATH is in NP -RRB- , computes MATH .
 In our experiment all the mobile clients share the same access rate distribution .
 MATHDISP
 A non-tree -LRB- frond -RRB- edge which is not included in the DFS will also be traversed four times as two vis messages and two ack messages in both directions .
 Therefore the total number of messages traversed for all edges will be MATH .
 Total time taken by the algorithm is twice the traversal of the tree formed as MATH and also for every node there will be 2 units , one for sending vis and one for receiving ack messages .
 Therefore the total time is 4 MATH -2 time units .
 Using the concept of best response and Nash Equilibrium , it was observed that message delivery rate increases if the mobile nodes follow the Nash Equilibrium .
 Afterwards , the volume verifies for possible incoming objects : if something is received from other volumes , then the internal state of the volume is changed , and in the next iteration the volume will compute new values of the propensity functions and a new MATH value .
 Notice that the value MATH is used again in the next iteration because , in the case MATH is the smallest time increment of the whole system , then the volume will be able to complete the execution of one rule .
 Thus the original notion of MATH - universality in CITE suffices .
 Since type and variable identifiers are syntactically undistinguishable , as both the type_id and var_id nonterminals expand to a generic identifier id , both the alternative rules of nonterminal MATH start with the string id id , because : MATHDISP Therefore these alternative rules violate the MATH condition .
 By the same reasoning as the proof of Theorem 2.1 , there exists a unique involutive MATH - linear mapping MATH satisfying -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Both processes B and D can access the MATH memory exclusively , which means when process B is increasing or resetting the MATH , process D can not do the adjustment on MATH , and vice versa .
 The read & write in both processes -LRB- Algorithm REF , line 3 , 6 for process B ; line 19-20 for process D -RRB- should be transaction operations .
 However , process D 's processing time is relative longer than B , here we set that the phase self-increase updating interval of B is always longer than E 's accessing time for MATH .
 Due to the phase self-increasing and resetting are regular actions for the node , under the same circumstance , process D always has higher accessing priority than process B : specifically , MATH .
 As we can be seen from Fig. 9 there is a significant improvement in computing time for the same distribution -LRB- MPI -RRB- between the two methods -LRB- trapezoidal-rectangle -RRB- because fewer math computations run in the second method .
 Note that unlike previous models , the DBN model has two variables MATH and MATH related to the relevance of the document .
 MATH and MATH are convex in MATH enabling Golden Section Search ; MATH is computed by consideration of all discrete values for MATH - cf. also the Appendix .
 We have therefore also implemented ` simpler ' lower bounds MATH , MATH , in which both terms in the expression to be minimized in -LRB- REF -RRB- receive the maximum float MATH .
 As such , it contains the sequence of all successive right gyrotranslation of MATH by MATH , that is , the sequence MATH , MATH , MATH , MATH , etc , as shown in Fig . REF .
 Let MATH be the upper error bound for distances between any vertex MATH in the calculated path and its corresponding optimal vertex MATH in step MATH , that means that MATH , for all MATH ; see Figure REF .
 By Remark 2.14 , -LRB- i -RRB- , define an operator MATH as follows : for MATH , there exists an unique representation MATH , satisfying MATH .
 In this case , entire training data is considered and support of each feature is computed .
 When support of 5 % is applied on entire data , number of features reduce to 22 and with 10 % , number of features reduces to 17 .
 In CITE a P2P-based system to support efficient access to e-catalogs resident data is provided , where scalability issues are solved by organizing information space in communities that are inter-related using peer relationships , defined as mappings between ontologies .
 A bad labelling or an insufficient labelling of an object may lead to a mistaken domain and , therefore , to bad plans .
 Based on a mathematical model of the received pulse MATH -- the convolution of a pulse MATH and the CIR MATH that is modelled as a sum of discrete Dirac pulses - , the first and second-order moments have been derived from the RP-ACF and the RP-CCF CITE .
 Anifeed requires an integer number of batches to be produced in each lot .
 Anifeed requires an integer number of batches to be produced in each lot .
 In Fig . REF it can be seen that optimal results can be achieved with less than 1000 samples and that there is virtually no gain in using more than 6 neighbors .
 Then MATH is adjacent to MATH in MATH implies MATH is adjacent to MATH in MATH .
 One of earliest strategy update laws to be studied is fictitious play -LRB- FP -RRB- , CITE .
 One of the earlier cases studied was the class of finite , two-player , zero sum games , for which convergence of FP was proved in CITE , followed by other results , CITE .
 The data must be transfered from RAM to GPU global memory to process by GPU .
 Additionally the data must be transfered from hard disk to RAM for both CPU and GPU .
 Identity matrix MATH is a square matrix with its diagonal elements equal to 1 and the others equal to 0 .
 Using iterative compression , or otherwise , prove that the following is FPT
 Moreover , LVI -LRB- REF -RRB- is equivalent to the following piecewise linear equation -LRB- PLE -RRB- -LRB- note that the detailed derivation can be seen from Theorem REF in Subsection REF -RRB- : MATHDISP , where piecewise-linear projection operator MATH is extensively used and described as MATH , MATH with the MATH th processing element defined as MATHDISP .
 A great number of data fusion algorithms have been proposed in the literature starting from the second half of eighties CITE and applied to imaging sensors that have been progressively launched .
 The configuration space is represented by a grid formed by markers allocated by the nearest owner robots ' during the path planning .
 Markers have a cost which describes the level of difficulty that the robot has to reach the goal through this intersection .
 The owners of each markers and the cost associated to them changes over time .
 We point out , for each problem class , the average CPU time consumed to find the first optimal interval structures , and the average number of optimal sequences that the first structures characterize .
 This chapter focuses on the experimental implementation and verification of the novel physically-constrained RMP scheme on an actual redundant robot manipulator .
 Note that the joint-velocity limits in the proposed physically-constrained scheme vary with the end-effector and joint motion , which is considered and investigated for the first time .
 Furthermore , the position-error feedback is considered in the presented physically-constrained scheme , which can decrease effectively the model disturbance and computational round-off errors .
 As MATH , we have that MATH .
 The Explicit Allocation Strategy CITE presents an adaptive heuristic allowing , during the execution of the BoT , the definition of both MATH and MATH for each request , using information gathered by a space-shared resource scheduler .
 The Explicit Allocation Strategy CITE presents an adaptive heuristic allowing , during the execution of the BoT , the definition of both MATH and MATH for each request , using information gathered by a space-shared resource scheduler .
 Modern GPUs are low-cost and powerful parallel platforms used to accelerate many applications , i.e. audio processing CITE , option pricing CITE , sparse linear systems CITE , medical imaging and simulation CITE , bioinformatics CITE , scientific simulations CITE and image classification CITE .
 We note that the generic forgery attack on the RMX-hash-then-sign signature scheme discussed in S REF does not succeed in these signature applications during the forgery verification step as the random value used by the signer for RMX hashing and signing matches that of the arbitrary value chosen by the attacker with a negligible probability .
 The server does n't fail often , but when it does , the disruption could be extremely costly .
 We also have that between the traversal of any two maximal up arcs -LRB- including the dummy arc from MATH -RRB- there is at least one job arc , because otherwise the Eulerian Tour would traverse a cycle of only arcs from MATH and that cycle could be removed from the extension .
 The marginal adequacy degree function , chosen in this application , is a fuzzy interpolation of the binomial probability : MATHDISP where MATH is a distance towards a central parameter of class MATH .
 To estimate the parameters MATH and MATH for a given learning data set , the minimization of a likelihood criterion is used : MATHDISP
 This is obtained for each descriptor -LRB- the index of descriptor is omitted -RRB- by : MATHDISP and resolving : MATHDISP
 Then we can compute sensitivity MATH , specificity MATH , accuracy MATH and positive predictive value MATH for the random case : MATH , MATH , MATH , MATH respectively .
 Once these parameters have been set on the development block , the remaining blocks -LRB- test -RRB- were used as the proper test-set .
 However , our protocol is resist to MiTM attacks since the adversary can not know the secrets MATH , and shared secret key MATH .
 However , our protocol is resist to MiTM attacks since the adversary can not know the secrets MATH , and shared secret key MATH .
 However , our protocol is resist to MiTM attacks since the adversary can not know the secrets MATH , and shared secret key MATH .
 Following the steps of the previous subsection , MATH , MATH , MATH , ... , are obtained as the result of the convolution of MATH , MATH , MATH , ... , with MATH respectively , see Figure REF .
 By reiterating this process of immunization we aim at reaching a population state MATH that can not be infected by any other strategy .
 It follows that corresponding problem MATH , MATH , can be solved in MATH time by algorithm DP in the previous section .
 Of the collections mentioned in section REF , Zentralblatt MATH CITE , MathSciNet CITE , DLMF CITE , MathWorld CITE , PlanetMath CITE , Wikipedia CITE and the other wikis completely target human end-users .
 While we have suggested OMDoc -LRB- cf. section REF -RRB- as a common interchange format among such systems CITE , it has not yet been adopted on a large scale .
 There are of course other educational repositories , but to the best of the authors ' knowledge these do not expose the mathematical knowledge in a reusable way , but just the educational/pedagogical metadata ; for example , i2geo -LRB- cf. section REF -RRB- exposes a LOM record -LRB- Learning Object Metadata -RRB- for each resource CITE , which follows the LOM standard CITE with i2geo-specific extensions CITE .
 Recall the following assertion that is valid for finite-dimensional case .
 We now briefly look at three representative replication-based routing protocols proposed for DTNs , namely Epidemic CITE , Spray-and-Wait -LRB- SnW -RRB- CITE and Probabilistic Routing Using History of Encounters and Transitivity -LRB- PROPHET -RRB- CITE .
 The Epidemic routing protocol presents an extreme case , where uncontrolled flooding of all messages across the network is performed .
 MATH is an optimal solution to the bound-constraint QP problem depicted in -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , if and only if there exists the -LRB- final -RRB- dual decision vector MATH such that MATH and MATH .
 Here MATH on having a secret MATH for sharing , selects a random bivariate polynomial MATH of degree - MATH with the constant term MATH and sends to MATH the MATH row polynomial .
 If MATH has a partner , then let MATH .
 Furthermore let MATH , that is the MATH Harmonic number .
 In order to rely on unified and simple resource management procedures , WSMX makes use of Triple Space to store WSML data in form of RDF graphs .
 To some degree this is very similar to the approaches described above for the grounding of invocations and the coordination of components .
 We show : Standard protocols are network predictable .
 For the consistency check in equation -LRB- REF -RRB- , MATH uses its MATH oracle .
 Nontrivial , previously unknown obstruction sets for interesting ideals have also been successfully computed by Cattell and Dinneen CITE and Cattell , Dinneen and Fellows CITE .
 All clauses created during propagation and all nogoods inferred during conflict analysis were permanently added to the original problem , i.e. , there is no garbage collection of clauses .
 This is precisely what the protrusion based reduction rules do .
 Node 4 has the highest span and is included in MDS and all of its neighbors are colored gray as shown in -LRB- a -RRB- .
 The node with the highest span in the next iteration is 3 which is colored black and its neighbors are colored gray as shown in -LRB- b -RRB- .
 The third iteration is displayed in -LRB- c -RRB- where node 8 which has the same span as node 5 is selected based on the magnitude of identifiers .
 The final MDS is shown in -LRB- d -RRB- where node 5 is colored black and finally all nodes are either colored black or gray .
 An ending point collision could be caused by a merge between the online chain and a pre-computation chain .
 The candidate is clearly incorrect if MATH , but a full verification requires more information than is contained in MATH and this is explained in more detail in Section REF .
 Equations REF and REF indicate , respectively , the total number of binary variables MATH and continuous variables MATH presented in the MILP Model , as a function of MATH and MATH .
 These equations were attained by observing the individual growth of each MILP Model variable , according to different values of MATH and MATH .
 For example , let us consider the generic variable MATH in an illustrative case with MATH , MATH and MATH .
 Hohenberger , Rothblum , shelat and Vaikuntanathan CITE gave a positive result for obfuscating a very natural and more complex cryptographic functionality -LRB- i.e. , re-encryption -RRB- under a security-oriented definition .
 Hofheinz , Malone-Lee and Stam CITE suggested a different security-oriented definition of obfuscation , argued its suitability for security applications , and provided positive and negative results .
 We call an adversary MATH valid for a protocol MATH iff MATH -LRB- the protocol MATH running together with the adversary MATH -RRB- is reactively polynomial-time .
 We call an adversary MATH valid for a protocol MATH iff MATH -LRB- the protocol MATH running together with the adversary MATH -RRB- is reactively polynomial-time .
 In the nonlinear case , the so called , `` the innovation based technique '' CITE and the Duncan-Mortensen-Zakai approach CITE , CITE where the stochastic partial differential equation for the normalized conditional density function of the state to be estimated were used .
 The most advanced results concerning the maximum principle for nonlinear stochastic differential equations with controlled diffusion term were obtained by the Fudan University group , led by X.Li -LRB- see CITE , CITE and bibliography within -RRB- .
 Since MATH is the monotone non-decreasing ordering of MATH , inequality -LRB- REF -RRB- implies that MATH , whence MATH .
 Analysis The Span_MCDS algorithm correctly constructs a MCDS in MATH rounds using MATH messages .
 Similarly , if MATH and MATH , then all the units of orders MATH and MATH are on-time or early , in any feasible schedule .
 The previous formulation gives at best only a first-order scheme , higher-order extensions are possible with a MUSCL addition -LRB- see CITE -RRB- .
 Such MUSCL schemes are not monotone , therefore a slope limiter is needed such as the Superbee limiter CITE .
 It is a little bit particular to deal with equality constraints ; e.g. , MATH .
 We propose a model and methodology to quantify the effects of spacetype mixing and establish methods to search for better space-type profiles ; where the term `` space-type profile '' refers to the relative numbers of each type of space .
 Hence the contribution of this paper is twofold .
 Owing to the break down of the distributive law in gyrovector spaces , the following gyrovector space identity , called the Two-Sum Identity CITE , proves useful : MATHDISP
 A distributed system is composed of a set of agents with well defined roles that cooperate to achieve a common goal .
 Moreover , any single entity that implements one agent could also implement multiple of them .
 For example , a client/server application may be described in terms of two kinds of agents , client and server agents , while a e-mailing system may be described in terms of senders and receivers .
 Some proposals use non-blocking -LRB- or lock-free -RRB- synchronization methods in multithreaded applications , obtaining good results CITE .
 However , other works have replaced a locking-based synchronization by STM in a multi-player game server CITE .
 The stability problems of several functional equations have been extensively investigated by a number of authors and there are many interesting results concerning this problem . -LRB- see -LSB- 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 12 , 13 , 15 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 31 -RSB- -RRB- .
 The Web offers huge amounts of unstructured textual data , i.e. documents that do not have a pre-defined data model and/or do not fit well into relational tables : home pages , blogs , product descriptions and reviews are representative of this type of information .
 More recently , CITE have found that unstructured information accounted for about 70 % to 80 % of all data in organizations and is growing ten to fifty times as fast as structured data !
 Then MATHDISP that proves the lemma .
 Figure REF -LRB- a -RRB- shows part of the deterministic finite state machine model for user interaction -LRB- car driver parking a car -RRB- , and Figure REF -LRB- b -RRB- shows the nondeterministic finite state machine model for policeman 's comprehension to perform his duty .
 Otherwise it executes the rest of the protocol honestly .
 With probability MATH we have MATH and the probability that MATH for some MATH is negligible .
 Informally speaking , a pseudorandom function -LRB- prf -RRB- is an efficiently computable function that looks like a truly random function to any polynomial-time observer .
 Namely , Let MATH be an efficient , keyed function .
 We say MATH is a pseudorandom function if for all non-uniform ppt distinguishers MATH , there exists a negligible function MATH such that : MATHDISP , where MATH is chosen uniformly at random and MATH is chosen uniformly at random from the set of functions mapping MATH - bit input strings into MATH .
 The same happens with Pay-Per-Click strategy on the provider side : advertisers must trust the provider and the number it reports regarding the clicks of the users -LRB- although limited cross-check can be performed by analyzing the source of incoming users to sites -RRB- .
 -LRB- CITE -RRB- For all MATH and MATH the polyhedral gauge MATH can be computed by MATH , where MATH .
 The class of all orthogonal projectors being a subclass of the class of idempotent matrices , MATH defines a partial ordering on this subset .
 In fact , MATH defines a lattice structure on the set of all orthogonal projectors of order MATH denoted by MATH .
 Here we do not count the view of MATH itself , but only the common view all of its submachines , except for MATH - instances .
 Let MATH so that MATH and MATH satisfy -LRB- REF -RRB- while MATH satisfies -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Then for any normalized isotonic linear functional MATH so that MATH , MATH one has the inequality : MATHDISP .
 the non-functional descriptions capture constraints over the previous two types of properties CITE .
 But , in real world , the signatures that a `` realistic '' adversary can obtain are generated by a signer using the partial private key and the secret key corresponding to its original public key .
 We denote by MATH the idle time occurring between the MATH - th and the MATH - th Ona period , and by MATH the total time of inactivity in interval MATH .
 Notice that MATH if the MATH - th Ona period is covered , MATH otherwise .
 SVM are commonly referred as being among the most accurate classifiers for high dimensional input spaces , in general , and text , in particular CITE .
 The SFN approach uses a single frequency layer whereas all transmitters are synchronized and transmit exactly the same data .
 The so-called SFN gain allows for more cost efficient network deployment , especially for large scale broadcast networks .
 Some agents will advice the composition of programs using PBBs , while others will guide the exploration of different possible parallel strategies , load balancing and performance optimization -LRB- see Fig . REF -RRB- .
 Assume that we want to measure the length of straight line segments in the plane in a regular orthogonal grid after digitizing them as follows -LRB- so-called grid intersection digitization -RRB- : go on the given straight line segment from one end to the other ; for every intersection of a grid line with the straight line take the closest grid point as the next grid point -LRB- if there are two at equal distance , decide for the one closer to the origin -RRB- ; this maps a straight line segment into a polyline with a finite number of vertices -LRB- at grid points -RRB- ; see Figure REF for three examples .
 In CITE , the authors present the vision , implementation and test results for a practical PDMS .
 This method continues iterations in the tableau , when the simplex method obtains the solution which is optimal but is not feasible -LRB- MATH , there are some components of MATH are nonnegative -RRB- .
 Note that , the dual simplex method as compared to simplex method decreases the number of iterations and computations in the simplex tableau and achieves the optimal solutions within less required time units .
 At a certain calculation cycle , a client once performs filtering using each of all possible MATH kinds of orders of filters at the cycle , and adopts the order that gives the minimum cost among them .
 In this method , the filtering cost at the calculation cycle becomes equal to that of the minimum cost method , but can not adapt to the change of broadcast contents until the next cycle .
 search enginse have a limited number of available slots for ads in each page , and advertisers compete for acquiring those slots by bidding on them ;
 advertisings that are related to the search criteria of the user have much higher probability of being clicked and give the user the impression of higher value of the overall search system ;
 not all the slots are equally valuable : ads are displayed in ranked lists , and higher positions in the list are typically more valuable because they tend to receive more clicks -LRB- i.e. , they have higher CTR -RRB- ;
 clicks may have different value for different advertisers , depending on the expected conversion rate and conversion values -LRB- e.g. , vendors selling expensive products are willing to pay more for the ads -RRB- .
 We consider the following OCP on the grid : MATH MATHDISP , MATHDISP , MATHDISP , MATHDISP , MATHDISP , MATHDISP .
 Then , we have a transition between IDs of MATH :
 He noted that color-coding worked in two parts .
 If this is done in the right algebra , then you can throw away certain squared terms , as they have no effect on the outcome , and looking for `` colourful '' solutions corresponds to detecting multilinear forms .
 Therefore , if we measure the probability of aborting in Game 1 , we obtain that : MATHDISP .
 We refer the interested reader to CITE for examples where coupling is used and for a comparison of the coupling proof technique with other proof techniques for proving rapid mixing of Markov chains .
 Then , MATH sends MATH , MATH , MATH , MATH , MATH , and MATH to MATH .
 We stress that SSCs are not necessarily information-theoretic private -LRB- indeed the generic construction based on one-way function in CITE is not information-theoretic private , which means that the indistinguishability in the first condition holds in the computational sense -RRB- ; also that the trapdoor may be needed to create and equivocate fake commitments .
 In CITE , Dwork et al. construct graphs with degree MATH -LRB- for constant MATH -RRB- tolerating at most MATH -LRB- for constant MATH -RRB- corruptions and at the same time guaranteeing agreement amongst MATH nodes in the network , with a number of doomed nodes a constant times MATH ; call such a graph MATH .
 The SAGA CITE programming system provides a high level API that forms a simple , standard and uniform interface for the most commonly required distributed functionality .
 SAGA can be used to program distributed applications CITE or tool-kits to manage distributed applications CITE , as well as implement abstractions that support commonly occurring programming , access and usage patterns .
 This chapter introduces network architectures ' major aspects with focus on existing and future network technologies .
 Since the messages MATH , and MATH are composed by nonce and generated by a hash function , the following assumptions are hold .
 Note that since MATH and MATH , then at least one of MATH has an even order modulo MATH .
 Next , the algorithm determines the completion time of these blocks -LRB- i.e. the makespan -RRB- ; we describe how below .
 For example , in Fig . REF if the update rate is 1 and the replication servers MATH is MATH , then the update cost is MATH .
 Nonetheless , Clarke reports that in 2006 , a foreign spy organization -LRB- probably Chinese -RRB- penetrated US military networks -LRB- some of the world 's most closely watched and protected systems -RRB- and managed to download terrabytes of data over the very network links that the monitoring systems scrutinize most closely .
 To this end , we assume that the surface under study is convex , i.e. the surface normals point in the opposite direction to the gradient of surface shading .
 By sorting the zenith angles available , we are able to detect both the boundary and singular points on the surface and use these to disambiguate the azimuth angles .
 Show a possible execution of Dolev , Israeli , Moran algorithm that builds a BFS tree in the sample graph of Fig . REF with the root node MATH .
 In Theorem REF , we have shown that for MATH to imply MATH it is necessary that MATH is satisfied .
 An aerodynamic model is used to solve the following matrix equations , that in turn will give the aerodynamic forces and moments .
 In such situation the node is able to dynamically select one configuration or another depending on the preferences of each situation .
 We denote MATH as the expectation taken with respect to the Rademacher variables -LRB- i.e. , conditionally to the data -RRB- while MATH as the expectation with respect to all the random variables .
 It is assumed that the past information is available for the controller .
 For each problem we conduct a series of experiments in order to either quantify or draw a qualitative conclusion of its effect on performance as accurately as possible .
 Our experiments for both the single and multithreaded case are executed on three different microprocessors -LRB- Intel Core 2 Xeon , Intel Pentium 4 Xeon , AMD Opteron -RRB- for a large suite of MATH sparse matrices selected from Tim Davis ' collection CITE .
 But after 40 years , exactly in A.D. 1494 when the French King Charles VIII invaded the Kingdom of Naples , the artillery demonstrated its enormous destructive efficiency .
 The era of the great fortifications , of the huge walls , of the long sieges was at an end -LRB- Fig . REF -RRB- .
 However , the ranking strategies presented in CITE CITE ca n't improve the results in Fig. 1 . b.
 Soundness : for any MATH and every function MATH it holds that MATH .
 As a result of these steps VFC achieves a distributed and decentralized consistency management algorithm in which the consistency of a single player is enforced not by a single server but by the complementary work of a group of servers .
 -LRB- 3 -RRB- Freenet is one of the most successful P2P systems which protect the privacy of their users and have high security .
 Therefore , we have chosen to implement a solution which generates a fair surface MATH that interpolates the control curves by means of nonlinear functional optimization , also known as -LRB- nonlinear -RRB- variational surface design .
 Increasing minimum support leads to increasing exclusion of number of features .
 Since the average length of the pre-computed DP chains is MATH , each DP matrix covers approximately MATH points and the previous rough approximation MATH for the success rate remains valid for the DP tradeoffs .
 Combining this with the pre-computation table size , which is MATH , we find that the tradeoff curve REF is also valid for the DP tradeoff .
 Moreover , each element of this sequence can be taken as the corresponding weak MATH - approximate solution to problem -LRB- REF -RRB- - -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 and operator MATH is quasi-monotone and bounded , it follows that we can use the arguments of the proof of Lemma REF .
 So , there is a great reduction in both time and space requirements if the 2-level algorithm is used .
 In rural regions , graph vertices are , to a great extent , isolated ; indeed the graph may consist largely of small disjoint subgraphs .
 -LRB- A2 -RRB- The maps MATHDISP are measurable and there exists a constant MATH and a continuity modulus MATH such that for MATHDISP the following inequalities hold : MATHDISP -LRB- A3 -RRB- The maps MATHDISP are from MATH in MATH and there exits a continuity modulus MATH such that for MATHDISP the following inequalities hold : MATHDISP
 If MATH , the challenger runs the paired key algorithm using the public key for MATH and the secret key for MATH .
 If MATH , the challenger runs the paired key algorithm using the public key for MATH and the secret key for MATH .
 We build two VM appliances , one is Linux kernel with LVS , the other is Linux kernel with Tomcat .
 For example , correctness of a mechanism MATH can be formalized by saying that for every arbitrary strategy MATH followed by party MATH -LRB- MATH -RRB- there exists a negligible function MATH such that : MATHDISP .
 Our primitives are lines extracted by line support regions , see Chapter REF -RRB- .
 If there exists an adversary MATH who can break the unforgeability of the proposed scheme via Type I attack , then , we can construct another adversary MATH such that MATH can use MATH as a black-box and solve the modified MATH - CAA problem .
 The problem of maximizing the lateness of MATH amounts to the maximization of the completion time of MATH since the lateness of the other jobs do not matter .
 Therefore , we take interest in sequences having the form MATH , the jobs of MATH -LRB- resp . of MATH -RRB- being ordered according to the ascending order of their release dates -LRB- resp . according to the ascending order of their due dates .
 We assume below that the conditions of the theorem REF are satisfied , i.e. MATH and MATH .
 Politeness : Web crawlers are automated processes that could severely hamper the performance of a Web server , by performing resource requests at an higher rates than humans could do .
 The explicit and consistent identification of the crawler trough HTTP user agents headers is also considered a fair practice .
 Here the instance generator on input MATH sets MATH to be MATH the subgroup of elements of Jacobi symbol 1 in MATH where MATH is the product of two safe prime numbers MATH with MATH .
 Clearly if we assume that deciding Quadratic Residuosity is hard , then this is a Subset Decision Problem , as defined above .
 For example - considering 3 or 4 symbols in the dictionary .
 In order to prove the desired result , we make use Theorem REF .
 Background raye :
 To achieve privacy-aware data search in an untrusted domain of cloud server , the proposed privacy-aware search for cloud storage is divided into five steps namely : setup , data outsourcing , and query generation , searching and response extraction .
 For instance , saving the search result from the example above would yield a computer-readable list of gene names involved in eye development in less than a second on a standard 64bit machine indexing around 10k papers .
 With existing web portals and keyword based selection of PDF files -LRB- for example , Google Scholar , ScienceDirect , Zotero or Mendeley -RRB- , a query like this would typically take many hours to execute , requiring each PDF file returned to be opened and read in a PDF viewer , and cut and paste to extract relevant gene names .
 After receiving job schedule feasibility value from all the anticipating Grids , MATH ` normalize ' this MATH value .
 This normalization is necessary because the resources on peer Grid systems are heterogeneous in nature with different system performance , resource usage and network latency .
 Normalization function depends upon following factors ; -LRB- a -RRB- Reported schedule feasibility by MATH , -LRB- b -RRB- Recoded network latency for MATH , and -LRB- c -RRB- Archived performance factor of MATH , if any .
 Each 4 node group shares 8 GB of RAM , which means each node can use approximately 8 GB of RAM maximum .
 In order to neutralise the semi-honest activities we set MATH .
 This method is able to provide fast handovers to a new cell but requires high power consumption .
 After a mobile terminal performs network scanning at regular intervals for a period of time , it enters an IDLE state during the non-scanning period in order to save power , which precludes real time vertical handover decisions .
 Moreover the definition of an ontology is not trivial and hard to achieve for a nonspecialist .
 Specifically , the conditional log likelihood of the training data with respect to the C-CRF model can be computed as follows , MATHDISP .
 Thus , for MATH , or , equivalently , MATH , we have MATH .
 Notice that , for 3 , 4 and 5 bins , we can reduce the number of bin-states by a factor of 1.7 , 2.1 and 2.5 respectively , just by removing the unnecessary bin-levels between 0 and 18 .
 For any positive integer MATH MATHDISP .
 Our sketching interface is inspired by previous sketch-based modeling systems -LSB- 7 , 28 -RSB- that interpret the user 's freeform strokes and interactively construct 3D rec-tilinear models .
 Intuitively , a master process MATH which has only access to the network channels of MATH can simulate MATH using MATH because if in the last step MATH does not return an answer , MATH will be triggered , i.e. , receives input on the channel MATH , and thus knows that MATH 's answer was 0 .
 Let MATH be the volume of a region occuped by the body , whose boundary MATH consists of a region MATH , where a constant stress tensor MATH is applied , a region MATH , where fixed displacements are imposed , and the newly created crack surface MATH -LRB- see Fig . REF -RRB- .
 With the assumption A7 and assuming that the crack is straight , the solenoidal nature of the Eshelby 's tensor shows the path-independence of J-integral .
 If it is to the PMEM area , EXT3NS performs the fast-path I/O , for example MATH -LRB- -RRB- , by using the NS device driver .
 In this paper we have shown the impact on the computational complexity of query answering of adopting the OWL language -LRB- more precisely OWL 2 DL -RRB- for specifying the global schema of a data integration system .
 At the core of the new framework we have OWL 2 QL , a tractable fragment of OWL 2 , which we use for specifying the global schema of data integration systems .
 As we have shown the correspondence of the original graph and its induced bipartite graph , for ease of the presentation , in the rest of the paper , we refer MATH to its bipartite graph .
 The control strategies are said to be in a Robust Nash Equilibrium if for any admissible strategy MATH MATH the next set of inequalities holds : MATHDISP
 The MILP model formulation presented in section REF extensively uses the if-then and the if-then-else statements .
 On the other hand , CLP is known by its rich modeling framework .
 In particular , the if-then and the if-then-else statements used in section REF , which demanded the `` base-level '' MILP expressions , can be directly modeled in a CLP framework .
 Equivalences and implications are ordinary features in a CLP framework , and the if-then and the if-then-else statements presented in section REF are replaced by , respectively , implications -LRB- MATH -RRB- and equivalences -LRB- MATH -RRB- in the CLP approach .
 Further details are given in section REF .
 In particular , while we formulated a game-theoretic framework towards optimizing channel OSNR , however we have not taken desired channel OSNR targets into account yet .
 These efficiency issues as well as robustness of network control algorithms derived from game theoretic formulations in the presence of time-delay will be addressed in the following two chapters .
 Since the shape of the hotspot can affect estimation of hotspot center in thermal image , 6 types of hotspots are tested , which are `` sphere '' , `` horizontal cylinder '' , `` vertical cylinder '' , `` horizontal plane '' , `` vertical plane '' and `` random '' .
 We introduce an integer parameter MATH which define decomposition resolution .
 There is a vast amount of literature on lotsizing and scheduling models with setup times and costs .
 However , to the best of our knowledge , none is able to correctly handle both sequence dependent and non triangular setups for big-bucket models , let alone a combination of this and period overlapping setups .
 In Section REF we therefore give a detailed analysis of this single criterion subproblem and explain how the solution strategy is modeled in the predator-prey model as specific mutation operator combination .
 A consequence of Proposition REF is that the first coefficient of auto-correlation of a sample MATH defined by MATH , gives a statistical test especially well suited to detect biases in the bit-stream of random generators based on oscillators .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- MATH is subadditive -LRB- superadditive -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- MATH is subadditive -LRB- superadditive -RRB- .
 By the mathematical induction we shall prove that MATH holds for any MATH .
 On previous works CITE , the authors have implemented an ad-hoc FPGA cluster called SMILE , composed up to 16 FPGA nodes and a host computer monitoring the cluster operation .
 Currently each node consists of a board that includes a Xilinx XC5VFX70T FPGA with two PowerPC 440 microprocessors , and Gigabit Ethernet connectivity used for communications between the boards .
 The board also contains a DDR-SRAM controller , System ACE controller -LRB- for compact flash memories -RRB- etc. .
 With all these elements it is possible to run a complete Linux kernel inside the PPC microprocessors , using all the programs and libraries available for this operating system .
 It follows from CITE that this yields a CCA-secure scheme under the decisional linear assumption .
 the hash functions in the family are collision-resistant ;
 for every function MATH in the family and for every two messages MATH , the distributions MATH , MATH , induced by the random choice of MATH , are statistically close ;
 there is an oracle that on input MATH returns a random MATH such that MATH ;
 the security of commitment schemes still holds in a model where there exists such an oracle .
 if MATH is a non-top job , then the pivot is the top of the pyramid having the index MATH , the job being necessarily on MATH ; the free job is the immediate job being immediately located at the right of the pivot on MATH ;
 if MATH is a top , and if the t-pyramid it characterizes holds some non-top jobs , then the pivot is MATH and the free job is the job being immediately located at the left of the pivot on MATH ;
 if MATH is a top , and if the t-pyramid it characterizes does not hold any non-top jobs , then the pivot is the next top on MATH at the left of MATH having still some non-top jobs in its pyramid , the free job is the job immediately located at the right of the pivot on MATH .
 In this section we present a novel technique that allows to obtain a fine surface registration in a single step , without the need of an initial motion estimation .
 In fact , contrary to the tradition of graph matching , inlier selection processes are tuned to very low false positive correspondences , admitting in converse a large amount of false negatives .
 In fact , contrary to the tradition of graph matching , inlier selection processes are tuned to very low false positive correspondences , admitting in converse a large amount of false negatives .
 When we want to analyze the kernel and its plugin , it is very simple approach to insert REF print-out statements into the source code .
 Unfortunately , the source code of most targets is unavailable and , if available , it is hard to determine the proper location in where the information is .
 At the first time , the kernel debugging tools are used to achieve this : KGDB CITE and KDB CITE .
 A user checks the target in advance , and they send a debugging signal generated by hardware interrupt at the corresponding condition or position .
 However , they shows only primitive hardware states like register values and memory maps thus it is still hard to retrieve the information what we really want .
 To analyze the target more precisely , that is getting high level information , another approach is proposed : Gprof CITE , Gcov CITE , .
 These are called the static analyzer ; they scan the source code of the target and gather the information such as function?s elapsed time and its execution count .
 Unfortunately , the source code of most targets is unavailable and , if available , it is hard to determine the proper location in where the information is .
 Unfortunately , the source code of most targets is unavailable and , if available , it is hard to determine the proper location in where the information is .
 Unfortunately , the source code of most targets is unavailable and , if available , it is hard to determine the proper location in where the information is .
 By giving chance to call pre-defined function , each analyzer can get the trace of library invocation and system call .
 However , since the insertion points are very restricted , its application is also limited .
 Because they can insert any instrumentation in any place , it provides extensive analysis .
 Memory check CITE , which is unable to be analyzed by static method , is feasible to be detected .
 But there are some gap between the target of the kernel and applications .
 We collated the characteristics of the target of kernel analysis , and compared it to that of application analysis .
 The TGR model is a guiding assumption in the recent , related development of a hypothesis for the advent of IESs and scrambled micronuclear DNA in ciliates .
 Examples of browser based attacks -LRB- HTML based services -RRB- are - SSL certificate spoofing , attacks on browser caches and phishing attacks on mail clients CITE .
 This suggestion is rooted in the realization that an important aspect of -LRB- deterministic and strict probabilistic -RRB- polynomial-time as a model of efficient computation is the closure of polynomial-time under natural algorithmic compositions .
 The problem is that , in the case of `` flexible efficient probabilistic computation '' , directly upper-bounding the expected running-time -LRB- as underlying the definition of expected PPT -RRB- does not provide closure under natural algorithmic compositions .
 But upper-bounding the expectation of a root of the running-time does deliver the desired property .
 Every simplex contained in the ball and covering its center has an edge such that the distance from its midpoint to the center of the ball is smaller than MATH .
 Every simplex contained in the ball and covering its center has an edge such that the distance from its midpoint to the center of the ball is smaller than MATH .
 Basically , for every convex body that possesses this property with some constant MATH the value MATH can be estimated by MATH , regardless of the dimension .
 Furthermore , the functions MATH and MATH have the following Taylor-Maclaurin series expensions : MATHDISP and MATHDISP , respectively .
 Now , upon equating the coefficients of MATH with those of MATH and the coefficients of MATH with those of MATH , we get MATHDISP , MATHDISP , MATHDISP and MATHDISP .
 Now , replacing MATH and MATH into MATH and MATH yields : MATHDISP
 A suitable evaluation metric would therefore be measuring precision at a fixed - typically low - number of retrieved results , generally the first 10 or 30 documents .
 On the other hand , it is the least stable of the commonly used evaluation measures and it does not average well , since it is strongly influenced by the total number of relevant documents for a query .
 The reaction might involve some state transition , and in addition one out of the following three possibilities :
 Clustering algorithms generate either a hard or soft partition of the input dataset .
 Clustering algorithms generate either a hard or soft partition of the input dataset .
 For example , even for a small dataset of 19 patterns to be partitioned into 4 clusters , we may have to consider around 11,259,666,000 partitions .
 In order to reduce the computational load each of the clustering algorithms restricts these possibilities by selecting an appropriate subset of the set of all possible MATH - partitions .
 In chapter 2 , we consider two partitional algorithms for clustering .
 One of them is the MATH - means algorithms which is the most popular clustering algorithm ; the other is the leader clustering algorithm which is the simplest possible algorithm for partitional clustering .
 After all , today 's cloud platforms , just like the Internet WAN , are at constant risk of severe data-center wide disruptions each time routing changes in a big away .
 Its behaviour is a set of conditions-actions rules such as when the conditions of a rule are satisfied by the environment perception and/or by its internal state , the actions is launched .
 In this paper , we set the center of transformation with respective points according to location of silhouette as shown in Fig . REF .
 For all of equations in our paper , we express matrices and vectors with the capital letters to indicate the equations as matrix forms , however , in the figure , lines are denoted with the lower-case letters because those are not matrices .
 In the figure , MATH denotes vanishing line which is parallel to the x-axis and goes through the cross point MATH .
 MATH is not shown in the figure cause of limitation of space .
 MATH and MATH are lines fitted with head points and feet points of each silhouettes , respectively .
 One is the vanishing line which is represented by MATH , the other is the perpendicular line of each silhouette .
 In other words , MATH coordinate of the center of transformation is the center of silhouette , MATH coordinate is identical to one of vanishing line .
 Therefore , the distortion of silhouette is minimized because the center of silhouette becomes the center of transformation without regard to the location of silhouette .
 In addition , MATH becomes identity matrix MATH because MATH coordinate value of MATH is the same as the one of the center of transformation .
 Using these variables , the TCPSP can be modeled by the following ILP : MATHDISP subject to : MATHDISP
 If outcomes in MATH refer to more nodes MATH -LRB- in the sense of Property REF -RRB- , then nodes MATH must be non mutually exclusive .
 Then , a particular case , much simpler , was considered in CITE , in the following setup .
 For the case of generating numbers -LRB- in the sense of the set MATH defined above -RRB- the answer is affirmative , the minimal degree can be reached .
 A PPT MATH is a MATH - composable obfuscator for a circuit ensemble MATH if it satisfies the functionality and polynomial slow-down requirements , as in Definition REF , and for any poly-size binary adversary MATH and polynomial MATH , there is a simulator MATH , such that for any sequence of circuits MATH -LRB- where MATH -RRB- , and any sufficiently large MATH : MATHDISP , where MATH gets as input MATH and returns MATH .
 Essentially , bounded-UC security guarantees that security is preserved under unlimited non-concurrent composition , plus a limited form of concurrent composition .
 The size of MATH has in all tests been always less than MATH of the original problem size and this core problem is therefore solvable to optimality in very short time by the ILP solver .
 In order to further improve the quality of the heuristic solution , we perform then a local search phase that uses the optimal solution of the core problem as initial solution .
 Two feasible solutions MATH and MATH are neighbors if MATH , i.e. a job tardy and a job early are swapped .
 Let denote by MATH the solution value provided by the local search phase .
 We suggest the alternative terminology primitive black-box , to signify both that only the primitive -LRB- and not the adversary -RRB- is treated as a black-box , and that this is a `` cruder '' form of reduction .
 Note that in general primitive black-box constructions can not be ruled out without ruling out the existence of PRG , because if the latter exist a construction can just ignore the oracle and output a PRG .
 A parameterized many : 1 reduction from MATH to MATH is parameterized polynomial if governed by a polynomial time computable function MATH , and a polynomial MATH , such that MATH if and only if MATH .
 Informally , perfectly hiding commitment schemes enable to bind -LRB- in the computational sense -RRB- between a party and a value chosen from some set , without specifying any leakage about this value -LRB- in the information theoretic sense -RRB- .
 That is ,
 Then , we find out the optimal method of deployment and the optimal number of deployed sShields .
 Define two special matrixes MATH , MATH , MATHDISP , and we can immediately derive MATHDISP .
 MATH can be rewritten from its definition MATHDISP , comparing with MATH in -LRB- REF -RRB- , we can obtain MATHDISP , and MATHDISP .
 We also incorporate checkpointing in some well-known scheduling algorithms to provide fault-tolerant environment .
 We propose two cost-aware and failure-aware provisioning policies that can be utilized by an organization that operates a cluster managed by virtual machine technology and seeks to use resources from a public Cloud provider .
 See for instance the case with MATH and MATH optima executed with 2 threads , where SSM_UEGO obtains a efficiency value of MATH and GM_UEGO gets MATH .
 Consequently , a relation is implied between the directed in - and out-degrees -LRB- MATH and MATH -RRB- and the undirected degrees MATH observed on the two different representations of the same network : MATHDISP where MATH is the number of reciprocated connections incident at vertex MATH -LRB- the number of neighbours connected to MATH by incoming and outgoing links simultaneously -RRB- , i.e. the reciprocated degree of vertex MATH .
 Consequently , a relation is implied between the directed in - and out-degrees -LRB- MATH and MATH -RRB- and the undirected degrees MATH observed on the two different representations of the same network : MATHDISP where MATH is the number of reciprocated connections incident at vertex MATH -LRB- the number of neighbours connected to MATH by incoming and outgoing links simultaneously -RRB- , i.e. the reciprocated degree of vertex MATH .
 Normally one single URI should point to one single resource , and should remain unchanged over time .
 The 9/7 poly-DWT filter has higher hardware requirements and hence consumes more power than the 5/3 filter .
 Using the poly-DWT filter during active-usage time and switching to the 5/3 filter during idle-usage time will save us 0.12 W power .
 To show the composition theorem , by REF it is sufficient to show that MATH is valid for MATH and that for any a priori polynomial-time environment MATH MATHDISP are computationally indistinguishable .
 Autocorrelation structures on the service time of tasks lead to dependent service time .
 A slowly-decay autocorrelation structure on the aggregated service time forms a long-range dependence structure on task arrivals CITE .
 A long-range dependence structure is held in the dependent service time used in the validation shown in Figure REF -LRB- c -RRB- .
 The service time follows a process of fractional Gaussian noise -LRB- fGn -RRB- which is a Gaussian process with its autocorrelation function being expressed as -LRB- in CITE -RRB- MATHDISP where MATH is the lag of the autocorrelation and MATH measures the degree of the dependence structure .
 A TDP is dense if for every index MATH it holds that MATH .
 It remains to show that the honest Bob outputs the same set of indexes with overwhelming probability in both executions .
 An approach often taken by designers of secure multiparty protocols for such applications is to arbitrarily choose one of the existing algorithms/heuristics for the search problem , and implement a secure protocol for it .
 This indeed amounts to choosing an arbitrary -LRB- possibly randomized -RRB- function that provides a solution , and implementing it securely .
 Then protocol MATH emulates protocol mt in unauthenticated networks .
 Then protocol MATH emulates protocol mt in unauthenticated networks .
 Alternatively , one could require the initial vector to be a multiple of MATH , and assuming the length of each message is less than MATH , this leads to a sequence of safe initial vectors .
 For the same optimizations to work even across messages , one can set IV MATH -LRB- see fig 2 -RRB- , and it is easy to see that this leads to safe initial vectors .
 In order to enable a Semantic SOA at Web scale , it is necessary to extend traditional service bus solutions with techniques to ease deployment , to cope with openness , dynamics and scalability in terms of services , service providers and consumers and certainly the resulting data and work load on the system .
 In particular when searching for novel solutions to the increasing load , Triple Space-based solutions bring along obvious added value .
 Examples of IaaS providers include Salesforce.com CITE , Rackspa-ce CITE and SAP Business ByDesign CITE .
 The pre-existence of a coherent whole that can not be described merely as a sum of its constituent parts was later endorsed in the concept of Gestalt , which originated from theories of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Immanuel Kant , and Ernst Mach CITE , and refers to whole forms or global configurations .
 Initialy , the term ` Gestalt ' referred to secondary qualities that emerged from the parts constituting a whole .
 This chapter discusses a problem defined in the 3-dimensional regular grid .
 If MATH it may recover the secret MATH with probability MATH , where the constant MATH depends on MATH , MATH , and MATH .
 The computation of the best and worst lateness for each job gives the lateness diagram of the Figure REF .
 The right attributes MATH and left attributes MATH with MATH , are termed external for production MATH , because they are defined by functions supported by other productions .
 Being MATH the largest time spent by a job in one of the system resources , MATH is the minimum throughput among all system resources .
 What is the 5-star rating system for open data publication ?
 On the contrary , the P-approach is independent from the applied load , crack length and specimen size .
 In Chapter REF we discuss the most widely used types of subdivision surfaces and develop some of the theory used for their analysis .
 The consequence is that individuals that are far from each other in the population are semi-isolated , and therefore , different regions of the population will hopefully explore distinct areas of the search space .
 We also make use of this field to distinguish the different types of resource consumption functions .
 A mapping MATH is called a bi-quadratic bi-homomorphism , if MATH satisfies the following properties :
 Each layer in the first stage corresponds to an application of Step 4 of the protocol .
 Each layer in the first stage corresponds to an application of Step 4 of the protocol .
 With these requirements met , TGR occurs with the alignment of MATH , MATH and MATH .
 Such an occurrence is changed since no variable can be assigned to two different lines without violating Property 1 at the second such line .
 In the second case , the variable MATH is assigned to line MATH ; it can not have been assigned elsewhere since it had only been assigned to line MATH before the call to Fix-up -LRB- MATH -RRB- .
 In SEM model CITE , each host is in one of the two sates : MATH or MATH .
 Thus the transition procedure is : MATH .
 For example , if steps are line segments , then we may choose always one of the end points of the segments , always the midpoint , or always a random point on each line segment .
 Leader clustering algoirthm is used to identify the prototypes .
 The input dataset consists of 5 classes of equal number of patterns .
 We combine them to form training data which consists of prototypes alone .
 Furthermore , for each collection order , 12.50 is added !
 Furthermore , for each collection order , 12.50 is added !
 If the graph includes any nonterminal shift arc MATH -LRB- therefore also the call arc MATH -RRB- , then the prospect set MATH for the initial state MATH of machine MATH is computed as : MATHDISP
 If the graph includes any terminal or nonterminal shift arc MATH , then the prospect set MATH of state MATH is computed as : MATHDISP
 Applying it for MATH and MATH , as well as using -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , we get MATHDISP .
 Note that strong stability implies the weak one and an equation that is not weakly Hyers-Ulam stable is not strongly Hyers-Ulam stable either .
 We consider the generation of prime order elliptic curves -LRB- ECs -RRB- over a prime field MATH using the Complex Multiplication -LRB- CM -RRB- method .
 In attempting to construct prime order ECs using Weber polynomials two difficulties arise -LRB- in addition to the necessary transformations of the roots of such polynomials to those of their Hilbert counterparts -RRB- .
 When a machine MATH sees a machine MATH , MATH has read only access to MATH .
 Both jobs have a processing time that follows a normal distribution with MATH and MATH and MATH .
 The due dates are MATH and MATH , and the minimum success probabilities are MATH and MATH .
 Figures REF , REF and REF show multiple unicast communications varying the message length from 1 bit , to just under 4 bits to the maximum of 8 bits .
 Thus , owner only needs to encrypt MATH once , and MATH authorized users can query it , without compromising privacy of the outsourced data .
 MPI provides the MPI_Barrier operation for a corresponding inter-process synchronization primitive .
 Hence the set MATH can not contain two consecutive integers , and since MATH is even then MATH can not contain more than half the values in MATH .
 In each instance of the 3-SAT problem a boolean formula over some variables is given in the form of conjunction of some clauses , which are disjunction of three literals .
 We also introduce so-called `` scaling '' measures MATH , MATH , and MATH by rules REF .
 1 -RRB- .
 1 -RRB- .
 Also , we can see that the throughput of ADVE is a little lower than the system without VMs , this throughput difference comes from the small overhead of VMs .
 Suppose also that there exists a closed subspace MATH such that the operator MATH considered only on MATH possesses the bounded inverse operator MATH .
 It is sufficient to consider the case when MATH , i.e. , MATHDISP and the tangential plane of MATH at the point 0 is the kernel MATH of the operator MATH .
 Then we must have MATH and MATH with MATH , so we can get MATH paths of the form MATH having length MATH , one path of the form MATH having length MATH , and MATH paths of the form MATH having length MATH , where MATH ranges over the elements of MATH and MATH ranges over the elements of MATH so that each element appears in exactly one such path .
 ` Beam ' - search presents a compromise between the two extreme choices .
 Consider the closed vortex at the contour of the MATH - th panel of the far wake that might risk to come in contact with the body , MATH , and introduce a frame of reference rigidly connected with it such that , under the assumption of undeformed wake panel , the incident potential induced by the vortex is constant in time on each point of it .
 Observing that for a generic function , MATH , MATHDISP where MATH and MATH denote time derivative observed , respectively , in the vortex frame and in the body frame , while MATH is the relative velocity between the two frames at the considered point , for MATH -LRB- with MATH denoting the incident potential due to the MATH - th far wake vortex -RRB- and reminding that MATH in the vortex frame , it is possible to obtain for the time derivative of the incident potential in the body frame MATHDISP with MATH known from the -LRB- regularized -RRB- MATH - th contribution in Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Following that it involves successively scheduling the nodes to a chosen processor .
 Four different approaches are presented and results of exercises are provided in driving home the issues involved .
 We classify large Handwritten Digit data by combining dimensionality reduction and prototype selection .
 The compactness achieved by dimensionality reduction is indicated by means of number of combinations of distinct subsequences .
 A detailed study of subsequence based lossy compression is presented in Chapter REF .
 The concepts of Frequent items and Leader cluster algorithms are made use in the work .
 The Turing Machines observed through the lens of the Grossone Methodology
 They requiere the users to specify the textual/visual combination and thus add heavy burden to the users .
 Therefore , an approach that can improve the retrieval accuracy of a search engine with less user involvment is valuable CITE .
 This structure is a generalization of substitution/permutation networks -LRB- in which the affine mapping is just a bit permutation -RRB- , and a special case of Shannon 's encryption paradigm which mixes complex local operations -LRB- called confusion -RRB- with simple global operations -LRB- called diffusion -RRB- .
 There are many examples of substitution/affine ciphers in the literature , including Rijndael CITE which has been selected as the winner of the Advanced Encryption Standard -LRB- AES -RRB- competition .
 Roughly speaking any 3 round SAN -LRB- and thus any SLN , or SPN -RRB- with reasonable size S-boxes can be broken with a practical attack .
 In the rest of this paper we call SASAS a 3 round SAN and not a 2.5 one since in most SAN 's the last affine/linear layer is omitted , ex .
 In the rest of this paper we call SASAS a 3 round SAN and not a 2.5 one since in most SAN 's the last affine/linear layer is omitted , ex .
 REF and REF -RRB- , we respectively illustrate these issues with conditional and iterative instructions .
 In the following two tables it is reported the base classes the stereotype can extend and the definition of the tags it could have , respectively .
 Snort CITE and Flowscan CITE maintaining per-flow state require large quantities of DRAM for operation , so they are unfeasible for monitoring on high speed links .
 Qi Zhao CITE proposes two algorithms to solve the problems using data streaming algorithm and sampling technology .
 But his paper focused on estimating the number of flows in source or destination IP , and did n't give a method to keep the source/destination IP records .
 Their common feather is constructing hash link list for storing the information of hosts -LRB- IP -RRB- sampled in memory .
 However , if multi-resolution is used in bitmap , estimation accuracy decreases .
 For an illustrative example on the algorithm Decomposition Test , see Appendix REF .
 The graph of Figure REF represents a 3-states system .
 M. Mowbray et al. . CITE proposed a client based privacy manager , incorporated features like obfuscation , preference settings , data access , feedback and personae .
 Input : Constrained-deadline sporadic task system MATH
 The quick sort algorithm is a well known and popular method , which is commonly used in many applications .
 Of course , these sets have to be coherent together , i.e. if MATH and MATH are two tasks , to be respectively achieved on MATH and MATH , such that MATH , then the worst earliest starting time of MATH on MATH has to be less than or equal to the best earliest starting time of MATH on MATH .
 In our previous work CITE we have proposed a solution for this problem .
 In other words , we allow operands to be consumed multiple times .
 If the spine is given as MATH then its arc length is : MATHDISP
 If MATH is expressed as MATH for MATH , and MATH is expressed as MATH , which is obtained by inserting MATH s to MATH , where MATH , MATH , ... , MATH .
 The broker performs a linear search on the single resources to meet the requests .
 The broker performs a linear search on the single resources to meet the requests .
 It would be nice is if we can indicate somehow as a part of the game object when it should be drawn .
 Sometimes , an alternative and easier to implement approach to the structural risk minimization is to adopt a regularization term -LRB- typically the norm of MATH -RRB- in the objective function , as follows , MATHDISP .
 Within a population , the major histocompatibility complex causes individuals to respond differently to the same stimuli and ensures immune response is diverse within the population .
 These two broad categories include several different techniques , that are presented next .
 Hybrid solutions that combine both content-based and collaborative filtering are possible , and experiments show that they actually slightly improve performance upon both .
 BUC is an efficient algorithm for sparse and iceberg cube problem .
 However , considering hierarchical storage and multi-core architecture of modern processor , original BUC is low cache locality and poor performance .
 First , each reads one row into the cache line , but only one column is used , The cache line utilization rate is about MATH , where N is the number of dimensions and M is the number of values a cache line can hold .
 First , each reads one row into the cache line , but only one column is used , The cache line utilization rate is about MATH , where N is the number of dimensions and M is the number of values a cache line can hold .
 First , each reads one row into the cache line , but only one column is used , The cache line utilization rate is about MATH , where N is the number of dimensions and M is the number of values a cache line can hold .
 First , each reads one row into the cache line , but only one column is used , The cache line utilization rate is about MATH , where N is the number of dimensions and M is the number of values a cache line can hold .
 As it is seen from -LRB- REF -RRB- if MATH then for any MATH the random matrix MATH is symmetric -LRB- but not necessarily positive or negative definite -RRB- .
 Note that the equations -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- can be rewritten in Hamiltonian form as MATHDISP MATHDISP
 Let MATH be an ensemble and let MATH .
 Its divergence information is defined MATHDISP .
 A feasible alternative is to precompute a distance field -LRB- cf. , Chapter REF -RRB- for the original mesh .
 The maximum of the distances founded is an approximation of the directed Hausdorff distance .
 A typical application being hosted in an SR will need to fuse and analyze large volumes of incoming raw data produced by numerous heterogeneous and possibly widely distributed sources , such as sensors , intrusion and anomaly detection systems , firewalls , monitoring systems , etc. .
 The incoming data will be either analyzed in real-time , possibly with assistance of analytical models , or stored for the subsequent off-line analysis and intelligence extraction .
 In order to assess the accuracy of R-SYN and Line Fitting , we partitioned the traces simulating the presence of 9 financial institutions participating in ESPER-based Semantic Room ; the resulting sub-traces were injected to the available Gateways of each SR member in order to observe what the two algorithms were able to detect .
 To this end , we run a number of tests considering four accuracy metrics -LRB- following the assessment described in CITE -RRB- : -LRB- i -RRB- MATH -LRB- True Positive -RRB- which represents the number of suspicious hosts that are detected as scanners and are true scanners ; -LRB- ii -RRB- MATH -LRB- False Positive -RRB- which represents an error of the detection ; that is , the number of honest source IP addresses considered as scanners ; -LRB- iii -RRB- MATH -LRB- True Negative -RRB- which represents the number of honest hosts that are not indeed detected as scanners ; -LRB- iv -RRB- MATH -LRB- False Negative -RRB- which represents a number of hosts that are real scanners that the systems do not detect .
 With these values we computed the Detection Rate MATH and the False Positive Rate MATH as follows : MATHDISP
 The players press buttons on the gamepad , or they touch the screen of their device , there is a constantly changing game world consisting of levels , monsters , and other characters , that needs to be kept up to date .
 There are also special effects such as explosions , sounds and much more .
 In Fig . REF -LRB- a -RRB- are plotted the obtained results for the recall as the number of peers in the DSR grows .
 Tabu search is one such example , appearing as a basic tool in Bard 's paper `` The Integrated Production , Iventory and Distribution and Routing Problem for a Single Commodity '' in this issue .
 In planning there is increasing interest in decomposition-based approaches , planning with numeric quantities and under complex resource constraints and integration of propositional planning with solvers for real , integer and mixed integer linear optimisation problems .
 In this paper an approach is proposed that combines many of these elements in the solution of a problem with fixed planning horizons .
 For such problems , first approximation procedures were proposed by Simon and Ando .
 For such problems , first approximation procedures were proposed by Simon and Ando .
 Nearly-Completely-Decomposable Markov chain have transition probability matrices MATH which , after re-ordering , have the following form : MATHDISP .
 As it can be observed in the figure , if two hosts communicate and are connected to the same ISP regional network then the traffic is routed withing the ISP network only .
 The domain of scientific visualization , however , primarily examines spatial data that is defined in three dimensions , and illustrative visualization approaches have also been developed for this purpose .
 For each MATH the next properties hold :
 When the lower bound MATH is larger than current MATH , a leader candidate can be safely pruned .
 Besides , in case of MATH , the candidate searches team members with the required skills not contributing to MATH .
 The SSPruning algorithm is shown in REF .
 To start with , each expert computes its MATH with respect to the given project MATH in line 1 .
 Select the experts as candidate in the descending order of the size of the received skill set in line 5 .
 Thus , to increase the pruning possibility , each candidate searches the closest experts first for those skills that both are in the received skill set and are required by the project .
 Analogously to Theorem REF , it is easy to see that this reduction of MATH can be carried out by a probabilistic polynomial time algorithm .
 The European and World patent documents were in English , French and German with many documents containing more than one language .
 Actually both MATH and MATH are important performance indicators of network protocols and algorithms such as MAC protocols , scheduling algorithms , congestion control schemes and routing protocols .
 Therefore the formulas to be derived below are expressed as a function of MATH and MATH so that they can be used jointly with other analytical results of MATH and MATH for a particular protocol and algorithm reported in the literature .
 Let MATH be a bounded sequence in the variable space MATHDISP ; that is , MATHDISP .
 -LRB- security - strong explicit cheat formulation -RRB- :
 It turns out that MATH are the only jobs that can not overtake MATH in MATH , but that could be moved to earlier positions in MATH -LRB- cf. Lemma REF and Lemma REF REF , REF -RRB- .
 Roughly , the sensors used for surrounding environment perception divide into two categories : active and passive ones .
 That is , combining various sensors could cover not only short-range but long-range objects/obstacles , and also work on various weather conditions .
 Furthermore , the original data of different sensors can be fused in low-level fusion , high-level fusion and hybrid fusion CITE CITE CITE CITE .
 Section 4 derives the proposed cancellation method using the modulation order increasing and the repetition -LRB- de - -RRB- coding .
 This paper is concluded in Sect . VI .
 The average and minimum of MATH are calculated by Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- respectively .
 When evaluating the performance of DMA operations the size of the DMA buffer is an important factor .
 Hence , the Cell BE can handle buffers between 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 or a multiple of 16 Bytes up to a maximum of 16 KByte .
 With a shared buffer we mean a buffer on which several SPEs can perform the DMA operations , and on the other hand , a private buffer is that on which only one SPE -LRB- its owner -RRB- can perform the DMA operations .
 For example : create three or six threads from Cell1 , that execute one million dmaget or dmaput operations , each over three or six different 1024-Bytes buffers separated by 2048 memory locations from XDRAM0 or XDRAM1 , respectively .
 Moreover , when using - s parameter : creates six threads from Cell1 , that execute one million data transfers from one 1024 Bytes shared memory buffer residing on XDRAM1 .
 We start by a some historical remarks and then later present the schemes relevant to this paper in more detail .
 If the largest height of an open slice is between MATH and MATH , we try to divide the slice in two slices of equal heights .
 Thus we obtain the following :
 To use this procedure , we specify two jobs MATH and MATH plus a value MATH corresponding to an amount of work .
 The two above scenarios illustrate the problem with the algorithm as it is : if the real task execution average time differs significantly from the value that is calculated at each instant , too many or too few hosts may be allocated w.r.t. maximum speedup possible within a pre-defined budget .
 Thus , it is necessary to guarantee a good approximation of the above two values ; in other words , the value that is calculated for the average task execution time should be equal to the real value since the beginning of the job , i.e. right after the first completed tasks .
 In Sect . REF we provide a movement prediction model , and in this section we will use two metrics , Prediction Accuracy Rate and Prediction Violation Degree , to evaluate the performance of the model .
 Replacing all cost coefficients MATH by MATH with MATH the job in MATH with lowest cost , and likewise taking the same lowest probability and disruption length for all jobs , does not increase the objective value .
 For the resulting set of MATH identical jobs , sequencing is no longer needed and optimal starting times can be obtained by means of network-flow techniques -LRB- see Section REF -RRB- .
 The following theorem is a well-known result -LRB- but , we do not know who is the first to find it -RRB- .
 ShiftRows -LRB- SR -RRB- - cyclic shift of each row -LRB- the MATH ` th row is shifted by MATH bytes to the left , where the row numbering starts from 0 -RRB- ,
 From now on the proof continues unchanged with Game 5 and 6 .
 Game 5 ' is not needed in this proof since the above Lemma bounds immediately the increase in the adversary 's advantage -LRB- while in the previous proof we had postponed computing this bound to Game 5 ' -RRB- .
 The last paper in the collection , `` A Theoretic and Practical Framework for Scheduling in a Stochastic Environment '' by Bidot et al , considers a topic of major significance in both communities : the handling of uncertainty .
 It is clear that in a completely deterministic and known world , there is no reason to postpone decisions until execution , since the entire problem can be solved , at least in principle , before execution begins .
 The last game modifies again the decryption oracle , this time rejecting any ciphertext query MATH for which MATH is not an MATH ` th residue modulo MATH .
 Proof follows from the Theorem REF .
 The following example illustrates the Corollary REF .
 Here MATH is 2-regular -LRB- i.e. , MATH -RRB- and MATH is 3-regular -LRB- i.e. , MATH -RRB- .
 Hence , MATH satisfying the condition discussed in Corollary REF .
 If a collection of eigenvectors of MATH forms a basis in MATH which defines a solution of the Riccati matrix equation given by MATH , then the number MATH of all possible solutions of this equations is MATHDISP
 Since the only probability distribution function which has this property is the exponential distribution this means that the sojourn time in any state of a Markov process is an exponentially distributed random variable .
 Either it exhausts all edges in MATH -LRB- with the positive or negative answer -RRB- , or it exhausts all unit degree vertices with the positive answer which , by Proposition REF , can be found in linear time .
 The resulting BNF grammar , is denoted MATH and named the right-linearized grammar of the net : it has terminal alphabet MATH , nonterminal set MATH and axiom MATH .
 A solution of the open-shop problem is a schedule MATH where the processing times for all operations MATH are specified .
 The makespan of schedule MATH is MATHDISP .
 A schedule MATH is feasible under the open-shop setting if and only if MATHDISP .
 Two methods are commonly used for time domain channel sounding , which differ by the type of RF signal used .
 The time resolution is determined by the bandwidth of the transmitted pulse , i.e. the pulse duration .
 As a consequence , high pulse voltages are needed at the transmitter and demanding specifications result for the receiver to offer sufficient dynamic range and sensitivity .
 The intuition behind the definition of pseudo-free group is that no polynomial time adversary can `` prove '' that the given computational group is not free .
 The `` proofs '' implicit in Definition REF consist of a single equation which is unsatisfiable over the free group , but satisfiable over the computational group .
 As observed in CITE , for the case of non abelian free groups , the results in CITE -LRB- see also CITE -RRB- allow to combine systems of equations into a single equation .
 Specifically , the method is based on showing that the two equations MATH and MATH are equivalent to the single equation MATH , and it allows to transform any finite system of equations into a single equation with exactly the same set of solutions .
 Consider for example the equations MATH and MATH .
 Subroutines had been a prominent feature of machine code programing , and the methodological advantages of splitting a large program into a number of independent and reusable components were well known .
 Joint statement : MATH encryptions MATH , a public-key MATH and an integer MATH .
 The connection between filter banks and wavelets stems from dilation equations allowing us to pass from a finer scale to a coarser one CITE : MATHDISP with MATH and MATH .
 We refer the reader to CITE and CITE for in depth discussions of collision recovery .
 The composition of objects * is defined as associative composition of binary relations -LRB- graphs of functions -RRB- , MATH .
 As a designer , we know what the system has to do and we want to `` control '' what the system will do .
 But we can qualify it as emergent , from an engineering point of view , because if only the code of the agents is accessible and can be studied , the study can not explain and predict the global function realised by interacting agents .
 It is the reason why we need to code local criteria to guide the agents behaviour and the agents does not know the global function .
 Preimage resistance of the group-2 hash functions Fix MATH and let MATH be a group-2 hash function .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- MATH is a fixed point of MATH , i.e. , MATHDISP for all MATH .
 In this particular case , the reduced lexicographical Grobner basis has the following triangular form MATHDISP .
 The expected shape of a lexicographical Grobner basis is named shape position and has the following form : MATHDISP where , MATH are univariate polynomials of degree less than MATH and MATH is a univariate polynomial of degree exactly MATH .
 From the transitivity of emulation , we have that MATH realizes MATH .
 Multi-core processors clearly represent the future of computing .
 With the ubiquity of dual-core and quad-core processors on desktop computers , multi-core processors have brought parallel computing into the mainstream .
 Parallel computing and programming on multi-core processors not only requires programmers to study many parallel algorithms , but also needs a lot of parallel tools , including parallel programming languages , compilers , and libraries .
 Although it has structure , the structure is not as rigid , regular , or complete as typical structured data found in databases .
 Let MATH be a generator of MATH and MATH be the system secret key .
 By using a non-degenerate bilinear map MATH on MATH , we can compute MATH for all non-negative integers MATH .
 Furthermore , MATH , as suggested in the file sharing application CITE though it is not so realistic in practice , can reduce the complexity to MATH exponentiations or MATH group operations .
 But MATH being a path , we have MATH and contradicts the fact that MATH and MATH are edge disjoint .
 We define MATHDISP , where the coefficients in MATH and MATH satisfy the inequality -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
 Only valid contour completions are presented to the user , so the user can not use this tool to fix incorrect hidden cusp locations like the ones shown in Figure REF .
 In this section we will summarize all results of this Chapter by a formal translation of the logic theory , of a given database mapping system , into a graph 's formalism which represents a categorification provided in next two Chapters , that is , a translation of the logic schema-mapping theory into a small sketch category with a functorial semantics for its models .
 This provides a low cost solution to Encryption and provides good quality video decoding .
 In Section REF we provide moreover a larger and integrated example of how the combination of WSMX and Triple Space adds a novel dimension to the Semantic Web Service communication paradigm .
 The Value can be a number , a domain name or an ASCII string .
 During the whole clustering procedure , each node mainly executes two operations : periodically self-oscillating and coupling with other nodes .
 In addition , due to the delayed coupling model , the node uses a queue structure MATH to store the waiting signals between process C and D -LRB- Figure REF -RRB- .
 Figure REF illustrates the four processes working function inside each node , and algorithm REF gives specific details about the required calculations .
 The elements of MATH are called action combinations or states , CITE .
 From the results , we can draw the conclusion that , due to the nature differences between live TV and TV Series channels , they show different characteristics .
 TV Series channels keep a smaller number of peer connections than live TV channels , but they retrieve more data from each peer they contacted .
 If the network is very dense , to extract meaningful communities , we can have value of 'n' in input to be 3 .
 Corresponding abstract and concrete terms are :
 The likelihood of finding similarity is more within the group than outside .
 The number of actors on Facebook is more than 800 million , and the average number of friends is 130 , maximum being 5000 , and the minimum zero .
 Proof.condition , it holds that MATH .
 The simplest online algorithm for PC is the First-Fit algorithm or greedy algorithm , CITE .
 WSMO functional description -LRB- modeled as WSMO service capability -RRB- contains the formal specification of functionality that the service can provide , which is definition of conditions on service `` inputs '' and `` outputs '' which must hold before and after the service execution respectively .
 From the previous section we have that scheduling feasibility can be checked efficiently .
 The set of the constitutive hypotheses is completed by the flow rule , according to which , when MATH is not null , it is parallel to MATH , the outward unit normal to the elastic range at the point MATH MATHDISP MATHDISP
 It can also been seen that the maximal energy consumption nodes of this half way data collection scheme are the nodes on the closest band to the sink because they relays all packets from the nodes farther away as what they need to do in hop by hop data collection scheme .
 Therefore we need to alleviate the burden on these nodes while keeping energy balancing .
 Moreover , energy balancing can not achieve the maximal network lifetime which is the ultimate goal of all routing protocols accounting energy constraints in WSNs .
 Also , we analysiz the requirements of access control model using cloud computing characteristics .
 There are 3 clusters in this figure and patterns are represented as two-dimensional points .
 Between a pair of points belonging to the same cluster the Euclidean distance is smaller than that between any two points chosen from different clusters .
 Assume -LRB- REF -RRB- , -LRB- REF -RRB- , -LRB- REF -RRB- - -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Then the variational problem -LRB- REF -RRB- admits solutions and if MATH , then MATH and satisfies the following Euler-Lagrange equations in MATH MATHDISP together with boundary conditions MATHDISP .
 Notice that MATH for every MATH , hence the functional MATH enjoys the coercivity property due to Poincare inequality and the boundary conditions in MATH .
 Given the illuminant spectrum , we can obtain the shading , specularity and reflectance of the neighbourhood at the pixel of interest by applying the procedure corresponding to line REF in Algorithm REF .
 The Hamiltonian function used for these constructions is equal to the Lebesgue integral over the given uncertainty set of the standard stochastic Hamiltonians corresponding to a fixed value of the uncertain parameter .
 We now turn our attention at the estimation of the refractive index at each image location making use of the Fresnel transmission ratio .
 The corresponding makespan is : MATHDISP .
 Third , The SRAM-PUF employs BCH code for error correction -LRB- reliability -RRB- and Hash function for privacy amplification -LRB- uniqueness -RRB- CITE .
 Random physical function also proposes the use of Hash function and error correcting codes to improve PUF responses .
 Additionally , they require extra resources in hardware or software depending on the implementation .
 In proving the part -LRB- i -RRB- MATH -LRB- ii -RRB- of the Corollary REF , the existence of a MATH - inverse of MATH which is also a common MATH inverse of MATH MATH is very crucial .
 Just having a common MATH inverse for MATH and MATH does not imply that MATH .
 Study about artificial pacemaker , a medical device used to regulate heart beat .
 The set of security tokens include : -LRB- 1 -RRB- UsernameToken , used to provide user name and password information , -LRB- 2 -RRB- BinarySecurityToken , used to include security certificates and keys and -LRB- 3 -RRB- XML Token , used to include rules and processes for specific XML-based security token formats .
 An example of WS-Security specification , taken from the WS-Security specification document is provided in Listing REF .
 In Section 3 a multicriteria approach to scheduling is presented including methods for scaling criteria and modeling user 's preferences .
 However , since performances of different algorithm are close to each other , it is clear that the ability to accurately predict the success probabilities of tradeoff algorithms is critical in making comparisons of tradeoff algorithms .
 In Chapters REF and REF , we have theoretically demonstrated the effectiveness of such a physically-constrained RMP scheme -LRB- and its solvers -RRB- on solving the joint-angle drift problem .
 In this chapter , a dual neural network -LRB- introduced in Chapter REF -RRB- and an LVI-based primal-dual neural network -LRB- introduced in Chapter REF -RRB- are presented for online repetitive motion planning -LRB- RMP -RRB- of redundant robot manipulators -LRB- with multi-link planar manipulators as examples -RRB- .
 Furthermore , the neural-network-based physically-constrained RMP scheme is simulated based on the multi-link planar robot manipulators .
 The structure of a MATH levels hierarchical list is : MATHDISP Notice the last level alone may contain atomic elements .
 They are both based on Shamir 's MATH - of - MATH threshold secret sharing scheme CITE and its generalizations .
 Let MATH be a linear affine function with integer coefficients and let the equation MATH represents the dependency problem in a MATH - level nested loop with innermost loop bounds MATH .
 Oblivious Term Matching -LRB- OTM -RRB- focuses on enabling privacy-aware data search for cloud storage systems , we intentionally neglected the details of data sharing from security and privacy point of view .
 Table REF illustrates the notations that we use to explain the core concept of our proposed oblivious search for cloud storage .
 Kumar et al CITE prove that the optimal configuration is to deploy MATH rows of sensors along a shortest path -LRB- line or curve -RRB- across the length of the belt , where each path has consecutive sensors ' sensing areas abutting each other .
 The goal of Diamond is to help domain experts creatively explore large bodies of complex , non-indexed data .
 We have discussed the unique strengths of discard-based search relative to indexed search , and presented its unique server storage characteristics .
 In this paper , the sparse representation framework is used to collect the face features , and addresses the recognition task .
 The process can be formulized as follows .
 The OCP 's we consider can be stated as follows : MATHDISP , where MATH is nonlinear mapping , MATH is a cost functional , MATH is a given element of MATH and MATH is a subset of admissible controls .
 IF :
 IF :
 Define sequence MATH .
 Labels zer3 , zer5 and zer10 stand for Zernike invariants up to 3 MATH , 5 MATH and 10 MATH order respectively .
 Also , the serial fraction of the different parallel solutions available overlap in some way with the parallel fraction of the problem , i.e. the segmentation stage .
 Their results are , in some cases , better than if all available data is used to train .
 These matrices exhibit different characteristic , from those that are well-structured and regular to highly irregular matrices with large imbalances in the distribution of non-zeros per matrix row .
 If MATH is an MATH idempotent matrix of rank MATH over a projective free ring MATH , MATH for some MATH and MATH where MATH and MATH are MATH matrices such that MATH .
 Hence we have the following result .
 In order to implement the continuous-time replicator dynamics one can resort to some iterative method like , e.g. , the Runge-Kutta method , to find an approximate solution to the ordinary differential equations .
 Alternatively , one can adopt the discrete-time counterpart of REF , known as dicrete-time replicator dynamics , which -LRB- assuming non-negative payoffs -RRB- are given by MATHDISP , for MATH .
 These are known to possess many of the dynamical properties of the continuous-time dynamics CITE .
 Hence we find MATH .
 Simulation results show that the proposed scheme scale well in handling difference network dynamics .
 Appealing performance is achieved when enough number of cooperative nodes is used in unreliable environments .
 In order to the guarantee the bandwidth requirement for multimedia transmission over wireless sensor networks , concurrent multi-path transmission strategy will also be considered by exploiting the proposed multi-hop mesh cooperative transmission structures .
 If there is only one un-matched MATH so far , then either MATH or MATH matches MATH .
 Thus there is only one un-matched interval after MATH is considered .
 If there are more than one un-matched MATH , without loss of generality , re-index them as MATH .
 If MATH , then MATH and MATH are matched and MATH is un-matched .
 If MATH , MATH and MATH are matched .
 The un-matched intervals remain unchanged . for interval MATH .
 For interpolation of data values associated with points in space that do not lie on a regular grid , we refer the reader to Chapter REF that deal precisely with the issue of scattered data interpolation .
 Then , MATHDISP
 It follows from REF that MATHDISP
 Other methods that are closest to ours in terms of reducing the scanning delay are Neighbor Graph CITE , Pre-Authentication path CITE , Selective Scan with Caching CITE , Enhanced FastScan CITE , and Direction Handoff CITE .
 The Neighbor Graph and Pre-Authentication path techniques reduce the number of channels to scan by defining a directed graph that represents the topological placement of APs and the mobility patterns of MSs .
 In addition , the Pre-Authentication path technique reduces the signaling overhead between MS and AP by allowing MSs to pre-authenticate and pre-reassociate to APs within a directed graph before the actual handoff occurs .
 In many parallel applications , each process may need to access several non-contiguous portions of a file , the requests of different processes are often interleaved and may together span large contiguous portions of the file .
 Let MATH be a real random variable and suppose that its first , second and fourth moments satisfy MATH , MATH and MATH .
 In summary , as illustrated via PUMA560 examples , we have solved the joint-angle drift problem of physically-constrained redundant manipulators .
 The Jacobian MATH of the decoupled fluid-particle system has the following algebraic form MATHDISP , in which case , the variable unknowns are ordered as follows MATHDISP and where MATH denotes the mass matrix of the MATH particles .
 For MATH we have the ordinary orthogonal polynomials on the semicircle .
 In fact , the second modification could not be directly analyzed with the techniques of CITE -LRB- based on the PRS analysis -RRB- .
 Instead , CITE ask that sibling blocks be simulated in parallel -LRB- instead of one after another -RRB- ; this requires subtle modifications to the PRS analysis , and the addition of a doubling trick to guess the running time of MATH so that the simulator knows how many recursive levels to simulated in parallel .
 We 'll say that a set of routers are in mutually consistent states if all are using local routing tables that combine seamlessly into a single global routing policy .
 The routing protocols we 've mentioned all settle into consistent states if a network experiences disruption but then settles down .
 In this model , a rational fraction distribution is utilized for the reflectance function representation MATHDISP , where MATH is a parameter of the model between 0 and 1 , and MATH is the anisotropy term specifying anisotropy intensity and direction by parameters MATH -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- and MATH respectively .
 Then , for any MATH and MATH , it holds that MATH iff MATH in MATH .
 Letting MATH be the class of interpretaions MATH for all random context grammars MATH , we complete the proof .
 M. Rassias CITE , G avruta , Hossu , Popescu and C apr au CITE , Lee and Jun CITE , and Gilanyi , Kaiser and Pales CITE .
 Moreover , in set-valued settings , to Gajda and Ger CITE , Popa CITE , Nikodem and Popa CITE , Lu and Park CITE , and the present author CITE .
 In GTX 275 , 32 threads which constitute one warp are executed simultaneously on a single MPs ; if global memory access latency are c -LRB- 400-600 -RRB- cycles , each warp executes needing n cycles , then we need approximately MATH warps to hide memory latency .
 If maximum number of threads in each block are m or MATH warps , then we need at least MATH thread blocks to hide memory latency on each MPs .
 In our experiment , we set block number at least 300 and 512 threads in each block .
 Hence : MATH and setting MATH then MATH ; the current limitation of the order MATH also therefore restricts MATH as well .
 Consider : MATH , MATH Gbps and MATH , then , the bus cycle time is again MATH s with MATH m.
 Due to the structure of AES , the overhead is quite limited : only a few multiplexers are used to manage the permutation at the input of nonlinear layer , while the proper alignment is restored at almost no cost by using the existing logic that implements the ShiftRows operation .
 Since the key word is never permutated , this allows a complementary check of the nonlinear logic .
 The proof follows from the fact that MATHDISP .
 The proof follows from the fact that MATHDISP .
 He only mention the paper CITE of Rodri guez-Salinas and Bou with reference to the works of Ioffe CITE and Fuchssteniner and Lusky CITE .
 While , Narici and Beckenstein do not even include it in the References of CITE .
 M. Rassias CITE asked the question whether such a theorem can also be proved for MATH .
 M. Rassias CITE asked the question whether such a theorem can also be proved for MATH .
 M. Rassias CITE asked the question whether such a theorem can also be proved for MATH .
 First we introduce the notion of minimal containing blocks -LRB- this is identical to minimal rewinding intervals as defined by CITE -RRB- .
 Claim 5 , which counts the number of minimal containing blocks , is identical to CITE ; we include it here for completeness .
 The gradient of MATH is a MATH tensor : MATH .
 In addition , performance measures such as the daily expected bed occupancy , the variance on this occupancy , the expected bed shortage and the probability of a shortage on each day can be calculated .
 Furthermore the difference between the CINR values -LRB- reported from the UE and refined with support from the test system -RRB- which is given in Fig . REF corresponds well to the differences between the break-off levels for the two devices after Fig . REF .
 Evaluation of these quantities instead of BLER which requires measurement over a sufficient number of frames is therefore proposed in CITE in order to reduce test time .
 Starting from a search query and the corresponding result set , search-based recommendation selects and highlights some of these results based on general , non-personalized ranking , e.g. , on the number of sales , number of clicks , or number of views .
 Starting from a search query and the corresponding result set , search-based recommendation selects and highlights some of these results based on general , non-personalized ranking , e.g. , on the number of sales , number of clicks , or number of views .
 This solution is very simple and only requires some basic statistics on the items .
 This solution is very simple and only requires some basic statistics on the items .
 For each execution by applying OMMR and OMMSR to Fig . REF we will obtain values of metrics : Cons_f , Rem_f , Saved_f , data rate .
 Two metrics Cons_f and data rate are more important than other metrics and we will present the value of these metrics .
 In CITE it was shown that different best match retrieval systems provided substantially different levels of retrievability across a document collection , while in CITE it was shown that pseudo-relevance feedback can skew the retrievability of documents -LRB- i.e. some documents become much more retrievable than others -RRB- .
 Surface area derivation is straightforward for some of the structures .
 Surface area derivation is straightforward for some of the structures .
 For example , the derivation of the surface area of the star graph in CITE is quite involved when compared to the one in CITE where a generating function approach is used .
 Let us consider the problem instance pictured in figure REF .
 We have add sparse structure support in Hitmap , a highly-efficient modular library for hierarchical tiling and mapping of arrays .
 We also measure the code complexity in terms of lines of code and cyclomatic complexity .
 Our results show that it is possible to use a common interface for both dense and sparse data structures with a homogeneous coding style , and reducing the associated development cost comparing with manually coding the data structure management , its partition , and the communication of locally mapped subdomains when needed .
 Noticing this possibility , Bellare et al. propose another four-round protocol with fixed communication complexity , which has the property that relative to an oracle repeating the protocol any polynomial number of times in parallel , does not decrease the error .
 But it could be that parallel repetition does always reduce the error , and the reason why there is no proof of this is that such a proof would require non black-box techniques .
 In this paper we show that under standard assumptions the interpretation of Bellare et al. is indeed correct for protocols with eight rounds or more , and we strengthen the evidence that this is also true for protocols with four rounds .
 Prove that the following is MATH - hard -LRB- this is not easy -RRB- . A simple undirected graph MATH . A set MATH of starting position for the cops.A starting position MATH , MATH for the robber subject to the following rules . -LRB- i -RRB- Exactly one cop for each MATH . -LRB- ii -RRB- Cops and robbers alternate at turns . -LRB- iii -RRB- At each stage a cop either moves to a adjacent vertex or stays put.cops can occupy the same vertex at any stage . -LRB- iv -RRB- The robber can move to an adjacent vertex or stay put . -LRB- v -RRB- If the robber moves to a vertex occupied by a cop , the cops win . -LRB- vi -RRB- Both players have complete information .
 The name of the k-D Tree comes from the fact it is a multidimensional binary tree .
 The k-D tree was discovered by Bentley in 1975 -LRB- see CITE -RRB- .
 The k-D tree is a binary tree , where each internal node contains one point and corresponds to a parallelepiped that has been defined by that point -LRB- see Figure REF -RRB- .
 The parallelepiped is divided in two parts by hyperplanes orthogonal to each one of the coordinate axes alternatively on the different levels of the k-D tree .
 the system in evaluation is dynamical , what means it changes over time ;
 the system is aperiodic and unstable , what means that it does not repeat itself ;
 the system is complex , although its causes can be simple ;
 the system is nonlinear what means that the output is not proportional to the input and it does not follow the principle of additivity -LRB- according to this principle the system is not equal to the sum of its parts -RRB- ;
 as the system is deterministic , the chaotic behavior is not random , besides the aperiodicity and unpredictability of the system make it to look though .
 The sliding mode design approach comprises of two steps :
 Disjunction MATH and implication MATH are expressed by MATH and MATH respectively .
 An Adaptive Zero Forcing Maximum Likelihood Soft Input Soft Output MIMO -LRB- AZFML-SfISfO-MIMO -RRB- detector
 In fact it may sometimes establishe trees instead of MMCPs and this reduces traffic distribution .
 Thus MATH .
 Researchers in the health sciences -LRB- both in industry and academia -RRB- were the first to see how our work could benefit them , and helped us to acquire the funding to create these applications .
 We use the following notations in the algorithm : GL is the global list .
 We use the following notations in the algorithm : GL is the global list .
 We use the following notations in the algorithm : GL is the global list .
 We use the following notations in the algorithm : GL is the global list .
 We use the following notations in the algorithm : GL is the global list .
 One possibility is to apply an adapted MATH - Discounted Cumulative Gain -LRB- MATH -RRB- to measure the usefulness -LRB- gain -RRB- of a tuple considering the sub-tuples and the relations involved in a multi-domain query , based on its position in the result list and its novelty w.r.t. the previous results in the ranking .
 The solution is then to better understand relations between micro and macro-levels and to build a system able to self-organise and self-adapt to environmental dynamics .
 On discrete Abelian groups the first general result in this direction for varieties of nonbounded functions was the following -LRB- see CITE -RRB- .
 As mentioned above , screening is the -LRB- maximum -RRB- guarantee that some aggregate signatures offer if one were to attempt to batch verify a group of signatures by first aggregating them together and then executing the aggregate-verification algorithm .
 Consider the aggregate signature scheme of Boneh , Gentry , Lynn and Shacham CITE based on the BLS signatures CITE .
 Given a group of message-signature pairs MATH -LRB- all purportedly from the same signer -RRB- where each message is distinct , BGLS aggregate them as MATH .
 Indeed , for some pervasive computing applications only guaranteeing screening would be disastrous , because only MATH may be relevant information to forward to the next entity-and it wo n't verify once it arrives !
 The sender could then later claim that he did not send one of the messages and indeed the signature will not verify unless one can get hold of all MATH messages !
 In this case in order to allow a solution the requirements have to be relaxed asking only that the constraints are verified as much as possible .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Strings in which every 0 is immediately followed by at least one 1 -LRB- b -RRB- Strings MATH 's such that MATH -LRB- c -RRB- Strings in which no MATH appears or MATH appears exactly once as a substring -LRB- d -RRB- Strings that begin with an MATH and end with an MATH , or begin with a MATH and end with a MATH -LRB- e -RRB- Strings in which every MATH appears more than or equal to two times consecutively -LRB- f -RRB- Strings in which MATH appears in every odd numbered position , or MATH appears in every even numbered position
 By the end of all computations , the processors assume the result to be `` Indecomposable '' .
 Only then does it broadcast to all other processors the result `` Decomposable '' -LRB- say in the form of a bit word MATH or MATH -RRB- .
 Summing up the above sub-costs , the final estimate in the theorem is established .
 The Queue Computation Model -LRB- QCM -RRB- is the abstract definition of a computer that uses a first-in first-out data structure as the storage space to perform operations .
 For cases when 8-bit is not enough to represent an immediate value or an offset for a memory instruction , a special instruction named `` covop '' is inserted before the conflicting memory instruction .
 The same argument shows that for all MATH th nodes MATH and MATH on MATH and MATH respectively , simulator MATH can simulate all values on outgoing edges of MATH and MATH which are not on MATH or MATH by independent random elements .
 In the table 6 , context information is can obtained through the user ID , the resource IP , the client IP , client information , and the access time , and among others .
 The scatter times MATH and MATH contain the times to write a non-contiguous buffer to buffer cache , and to disk , respectively .
 By considering metric MATH , For two Sessions 1 and 2 , EIGRP selects two paths MATH and MATH , respectively .
 It allocates a technical usable band between 3.1 and 10.6 GHz for indoor applications according to table REF CITE .
 Incoming message to MATH : Whenever MATH receives an output of the type REF -LRB- Internal-Init MATH -RRB- from MATH , it stores the tuple MATH , and feeds the tuple REF -LRB- Init , MATH -RRB- to MATH as if it came from MATH with session id MATH .
 The auto covariance , MATH , is envelope correlation between two points in space separated by a distance MATH in an azimuth direction MATH .
 MATH , can be defined as MATHDISP
 The simulated coverage area for KEC contains 6 APs and 450 MSs , while the coverage area for Portland contains 40 APs and 4,500 MSs .
 There are three groups of users in KEC ; 200 students , 200 graduate students , and 50 staff members , with each having different types of mobility behaviors .
 Is presented any example in this Chapter where we need negation logic operators , and , if so , why ?
 In this figure three distinct processes are allocated processor time by a single core CPU in Round-Robin manner .
 In this section , we introduce so called a regular express as a way of expressing a language , and show that regular expressions and finite automata are equivalent in the power of expressing languages .
 The operations on the ticketing machine are explained below :
 We propose that the proper feature to use in coordination with HOG should be similar , but instead of being based on first order statistics and gradients , should be based on second order statistics or curvature .
 The curvature based feature , which we call a histogram of curvature or HOC , would be able to capture the fact that a bowl is concave on the inside , while maintaining the spatial binning that is appealing in HOG .
 Let us define MATHDISP as the set of the points of MATH lying on the crack edges , where MATH is the current crack tip .
 The unit vector tangent to the crack is MATHDISP in particular , MATH defines the direction of propagation .
 According to the general lava hazard GPGPU computation Algorithm REF , in the hazard map computation phase clusters -LRB- MATH -RRB- of simulations are simulated over the entire area under study up to cover the total number of required simulations -LRB- MATH -RRB- .
 Before starting the hazard map construction -LRB- from Line 4 -RRB- , a pre-processing sequential phase takes place for compute the thread kernel grid on the basis of the dimensions of blocks and of the CA space .
 Start by defining a very simple implicit shape such as a sphere and sample the function defining the sphere -LRB- i.e. , MATH where MATH is the center and MATH is the radius on a regular grid in MATH -LRB- illustrated in Figure REF -RRB- .
 The Isis approach makes certain types of asynchronous algorithms very easy to implement , but it has important cost implications ; developers of sophisticated Isis applications sometimes need to disable the causal ordering mechanism to avoid these costs .
 We can then use the random self-reducibility of the DDH problem -LRB- see CITE - recall that we are using a prime order group MATH -RRB- to build a distinguisher MATH which -LRB- with overwhelming probability over its internal coin tosses -RRB- answers correctly for every input , i.e. MATH outputs 1 if and only if MATH .
 -LRB- 2 -RRB- left-zero-superadditive if it is MATH - superadditive .
 The sub-HMM for MATH 's learning mechanism when its current state is MATH , is defined as a tuple of the form : MATHDISP , where :
 The value would n't be limited to a company like Netflix .
 While that 's a possible interpretation of the drawing , it 's not the one our system will find ; instead , we will create a spherical blob .
 While this formulation is useful to keep in mind , we lack any real knowledge of how probably different surfaces might be , so it 's currently hopeless to try to solve the entire problem in this probabilistic framework .
 Clearly if we assume that deciding MATH - Residuosity is hard in MATH , then this is a Subset Decision Problem , as defined above .
 The master trapdoor here is the factorization of MATH , as well .
 Although the dimensions limit the aircraft capacity in the case of monoplane configuration , a payload increase until 250 Ton is possible through the adoption of a non conventional lifting system .
 More specifically , with MATH , MATHDISP , where MATHDISP , with MATH and MATH - being the positive and negative rotation rate limits of the MATH th stepper motor , and MATH denoting the elongation rate of the MATH th push-rod -LRB- i.e. , the elongation length when the motor moves a full turn -RRB- .
 Encapsulation wraps the compressed data in a container which specifies how the data should be stored , transported and displayed .
 Encapsulated multimedia content includes video and audio streams , meta-data , subtitles and synchronization information .
 In these cases , the user gets no help from the system -LRB- the level of realism will only depend on his or her skill -RRB- ; animating this garment or hair will be difficult since they are not the rest position of a physically-based model ; and lastly , the same process will need to be started from scratch if another piece of clothing or another hairstyle needs to be modeled .
 Using the same idea of independently growing fragments and joining them ; Gallager , Humbelt and Spira proposed an asynchronous version of the MATH algorithm we will call MATH .
 Firstly , nodes do not have complete information about their MWOEs .
 In MATH , nodes are at the same level when they are testing their edges but in this algorithm neighbors may be out of phase .
 Also , in MATH , level MATH fragments have MATH nodes , and level MATH fragments are constructed from at least two level MATH fragments whereas in MATH , components at different levels can be combined .
 In the following discussion , we often follow Powell 's course notes on radial basis functions CITE , which is an introductory text on general interpolation using radial basis functions , and CITE , which is one of the early paper on the applications of RBFs to surface reconstruction .
 Query processing and optimization has been considered for data warehousing and OLAP systems CITE , federated , distributed , and multi-databases CITE , heterogeneous databases CITE , and XML and semistructured data CITE .
 The online phase algorithm is given MATH and MATH is passed onto its sub-algorithm that processes the MATH - th table .
 Multi-hop communication -LRB- e.g. , data collection and dissemination -RRB- is realized atop Active Messages CITE .
 The definition of emergence has been largely a philoshophical issue not only in early and proto-emergentist approaches but also in recent times as well .
 Finally , a nominally emergent property is considered as weakly emergent if it can be derived but only by simulation '' ... a nominally emergent property MATH possessed by some locally reducible system MATH is weakly emergent if and only if , MATH is derivable from all of MATH 's micro-facts but only by simulation ... '' .
 -LRB- SEP -RRB- CITE will perform simple pre-processing operations over the event data such as filtering .
 This twist has two important implications : first , not all nodes will need a list of all other nodes , and second , nodes can learn more from nodes that are closer to them in the hierarchy so they will want to communicate to such nodes more often .
 When we plug in MATH , we get the matrix MATH , which is is called the signless Laplacian as it resembles the Laplacian MATH , but has no negative sign .
 MATH is also positive semi-definite .
 Another corollary of Lemma REF , Theorem REF and Theorem REF is the following .
 Per-hop CAC is to check whether QoS can be guaranteed for both the admitted flows and that under consideration .
 For packet dropping , as discussed in Section REF , only if the buffer admission conditions are satisfied , a newly arriving packet can be admitted into the buffer .
 For packet loss , this CAC hasto calculate the probability for the buffer to be congested if a new flow is admitted for a given buffer capacity and link rate .
 For 4 VMs on HS21 , the CPU workload is about 700 % , this results in a higher reply rate .
 Memory utilization for 8 VMs is lower than for 16 VMs , but the reply rate on 8 VMs is higher than on 16 VMs , this shows that CPU utilization influences the reply rate more than memory utilization for our test setup .
 Because we assign one CPU core to two VCPUs , the VCPU scheduling should handle the contention of CPU resource between two VMs , this will incur extra overhead for VMM CITE .
 Observation of the biases REF were first reported in CITE , but without any proof .
 Though the biases are all conditional in nature , for ease of understanding , we first compute the associated joint probabilities and then discuss how the conditional probabilities can be computed .
 The hardware used by 9/7 filter architecture which is obsolete to 5/3 filter is called as type B hardware .
 Then , all faulty vertices can be identified within at most MATH steps based on Algorithm DiagnosisIST .
 The MATH vertices represent queries with all possible answers and have outdegree MATH where the arcs are drawn according to whether the input to one query is consistent with the output of the former , given the compression function under consideration .
 If we differentiate REF with respect to MATH , MATH , and MATH then we obtain three equations , MATHDISP .
 If we divide by 2 and write the equations in matrix form then we obtain , MATHDISP .
 The phrase-table list the sentences according to their translation likelihood and outputs the phrase and reordering tables needed for decoding .
 Clearly the second option is the best , so it would be best if could have a surface represented both as a parametric surface and as an implicit surface .
 Mathematically , that is not a problem .
 In practice there are problems and the best one can hope for is to maintain a hybrid representation where the parametric and implicit representation agrees up to some given tolerance .
 To conclude the proof , We show that MATH and MATH are statistically close .
 Note that MATH act identically until they get to the computation of the intersection set , where :
 It consists of three arrays , MATH , MATH and MATH , which store the values , row indices and column indices of the non-zero entries , respectively .
 Let us call the reduced cost of arc MATH the value MATH defined by : MATHDISP
 The next obvious question is how many points to use ?
 The same strategy as in DB is followed : if a broadcast message is received , the signal strength is calculated , and if it is smaller than a predefined value , -LRB- borders_Threshold -RRB- , the node is a candidate to forward the message and thus , a delay is set .
 Indeed , at the end of the day , the user -LRB- especially a non-sophisticated one -RRB- should care about what an adversary can obtain within a specific time -LRB- or various possible amounts of work -RRB- , where the term `` obtain '' incorporates also a quantification of the success probability .
 I claim that our goal as researchers is to provide such statements -LRB- or rather techniques for providing such statements -RRB- , and that expected polynomial-time machines may appear in the analysis only as intermediate steps -LRB- or mental experiments -RRB- .
 However , large cache size does not mean low LLC miss rate as shown in Figure REF .
 Following experiments are based on these measurements .
 In both of these cases , space-type mixing was forbidden when producing the curves , that is MATH .
 To illustrate its benefits , the last curve is when some space-type mixing is permitted , by relaxing the upper bound on the penalty to MATH .
 In this section we show how requirements and preferences of a single user are described and modeled .
 Given a set of offers MATH from resource providers -LRB- as discussed in Section 2 -RRB- , find a schedule of jobs MATH of a given user -LRB- from set MATH -RRB- to maximize his/her satisfaction level .
 Each user can define hard constraints for every job , such as : resource requirements , e.g. operating system , CPU architecture , number of resources as well as time requirements , e.g. deadline and earliest start time .
 In addition to hard constraints users can define soft constraints -LRB- criteria -RRB- concerning entire sets of their jobs .
 To show that the real simulator is indistinguishable from the hybrid simulator , committed-verifier protocols are used ; this is required to ensure that when changing the hybrid simulator -LRB- which uses the actual witness -RRB- to the real simulator -LRB- which does n't know the actual witness -RRB- , indistinguishability holds despite the rewinds performed by the simulator .
 A special node that represents the customers , that is the Terminals node of Figure REF , originates requests to -LRB- certain service centers of -RRB- the QN and , some time after a request formulation -LRB- i.e. the time needed to the job for traversing the network and going back to Terminals -RRB- , receives back responses to its requests .
 A certain amount of time after the reception of a response , that is called thinking time , a new request is originated and leaves the Terminals node .
 The linear aircraft model consists of 9 rigid body states , 11 inputs and one output .
 In this chapter we gave an overview of extensions and use cases for Semantic Web Services from three successful European research projects , namely Data , Information , and Process Integration with Semantic Web Services -LRB- DIP -RRB- , Semantics Utilized for Process management within and between Enterprises -LRB- SUPER -RRB- and Service Oriented Architectures for All -LRB- SOA4All -RRB- .
 In this respect , it is also worth mentioning that Pales CITE in 1998 , Badora CITE in 2006 and Huang and Li CITE in 2009 also proved some general Hyers-Ulam type stability theorems with the help of Hahn-Banach type theorems .
 However , none of these authors mentions the paper CITE of Gajda , A. Smajdor and W. Smajdor .
 The next theorem show that the problem -LRB- REF -RRB- practically always has a viscosity solution .
 Let MATH be an abelian group of prime order MATH with a generator MATH .
 Suppose that a positive divisor MATH of MATH and a generator of MATH are given where MATH is a root of MATH for a quadratic non-residue element MATH of MATH .
 Using -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- , we obtain MATHDISP ; that is , condition -LRB- V3 -RRB- holds true as well .
 CITE considers both deadline and budget constrained scheduling with bounds on the execution time and cost respectively .
 In order to obtain the preconditioners we use MATH steps of block two-stage methods .
 Note that in this case , performing MATH steps of the iterative procedure defined by the splitting -LRB- REF -RRB- to approximate the solution of MATH , corresponds to perform MATH steps of the Block Jacobi method .
 However , when the order of the diagonal blocks MATH , MATH , is large , it is natural to approximate their solutions by using an iterative method , and thus we are in the presence of a two-stage iterative method ; see e.g. , CITE .
 That is , to solve the system MATH of Algorithm REF , we use MATH steps of the iteration MATH , choosing MATH , where MATHDISP , with MATH and MATH ; see e.g. , CITE .
 As described in CITE , the occupancy , MATH , is measured for every solved instance as the average over all rooms , of seat used over available seats .
 Essentially speaking , they are related to the utilisation , MATH , by MATH .
 The fourth class , which we call MATH , consists of all variants of weak black-box simulatability where the simulator is a regular process and the environment is restricted to be a decision process .
 Before answering this question for universal graphs , lets examine the simpler case of static acyclic graphs -LRB- trees -RRB- .
 This section describes the experimental methodology we used to appraise our Semi-sparse algorithm in the recommendation domain .
 In the other hand , the MIEN algorithm results in a smoother graph showing the stability of module detection algorithm .
 Therefore , benefit MATH can be written as : MATHDISP .
 Finally , if the class polynomials are computed online with the CM method , then the selection of the proper polynomial depends on the value of MATH and MATH .
 Notice though , that Weber polynomials can be constructed for any value of MATH , while MATH polynomial add a restriction for MATH , demanding that MATH .
 A BTF compression method well suited to contemporary graphics hardware was presented by Muller et al in CITE .
 The squared eigen-image reconstruction error is used as a distance measure in the clustering process .
 Given an integer MATH and a set of MATH of MATH positive integers MATH , MATH , MATH , such that MATH , does there exists a partition MATH of the set MATH such that MATH , MATH
 Similarly , the statement can be proved in case of undirected graphs .
 Calling XML-RPC methods for back-spreading -LRB- AddNode and DeleteNode -RRB- should be achieved in a while loop , iteratively following predecessor links when a call ca n't be achieved .
 SR Gateways perform data pre-processing and anonymize data items , as prescribed by the SR contract , using Shamir secret sharing scheme .
 Anonymous data are sent to the CPS that aggregates information through MapReduce-based computations .
 We show how this SR can be leveraged for detecting Man-In-The-Browser attacks .
 One of the major problems of the hierarchical code design is the impact of a channel parametrization -LRB- e.g. a phase rotation -RRB- .
 The channel parametrization strongly influences how the signal space codewords fulfill the exclusive law .
 Some channel parameters values -LRB- e.g. phase rotations -RRB- can have a disastrous effect on the code exclusivity .
 A multiscale autoregressive process MATH , is defined on a tree and described via the scale-recursive dynamic model -LRB- REF -RRB- : MATHDISP where MATH is a tree node index -LRB- MATH is the coarsest scale -RRB- , MATH is the parent node of MATH , hidden state MATH , the driving Gaussian noise MATH , the measurement noise MATH , and parameter matrices MATH , MATH , and noise matrices MATH are of the appropriate size .
 Authors CITE propose a model similar to -LRB- REF -RRB- for tiling-based spatial enlargement .
 This color multiscale autoregressive model is slow -LRB- 5 s per MATH frame -RRB- and similar to STAR can suffer from instability but allows a higher data-compression ration than the LDS model .
 An equilibrium point MATH of a recurrent neural network is globally asymptotically stable if it is globally stable and , in addition , all the state MATH of the recurrent neural network converges to the equilibrium point MATH as time MATH increases .
 If we define MATH to be the job that is scheduled in the MATH - th position , then MATHDISP .
 MATH Robustness to inaccurate region segmentation or noise using shape silhouette .
 Using the energy function , we can now define the conditional Boltzmann distribution over document permutations by exponentiating and normalizing , as follows .
 Using the energy function , we can now define the conditional Boltzmann distribution over document permutations by exponentiating and normalizing , as follows .
 Equation REF can then be discretised and translated to the following iterative update equation MATHDISP , The update scheme here converges slowly due to the alternation of the optimisation between the light source direction and the surface normal .
 Methods to accelerate the convergence speed include multi-level algorithms which initially solves the problem at a coarse image resolution and refines the results at finer resolutions CITE .
 Our work seeks to take in account the preference for navigation in non-populated spaces -LRB- appropriated for dynamic unknown environments -RRB- , ensuring a solution path -LRB- if there is -RRB- and a collaborative mapping .
 In Figs . REF , REF details about the composition of the DOC and MSSP costs are represented .
 We have already proved that the other three properties MATH , MATH , MATH which are preserved by MATH are not affected by applying a permutation in Section REF .
 For MATH , there exist constants MATH and MATH , such that for any MATH , MATHDISP .
 In this paper we present a new framework in order to achieve this adaption .
 Before analyzing the algorithm , we remark that in general we would be happy with an algorithm which has a worse competitive ratio than Graham 's algorithm if no perturbation occurs , given that the competitive ratio is better than Graham 's if a perturbation does indeed occur .
 In this section we describe the execution phase run in the middleware for our example .
 This phase is depicted in the figure REF and implements the AchieveGoal execution semantics .
 We further divide this phase into the following stages to which we refer using numbers before each paragraph : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Sending Request , -LRB- 2 -RRB- Late-Binding - Discovery , Selection and Conversation Set-up , -LRB- 3 -RRB- Execution - Conversation with Service Provider , -LRB- 4 -RRB- Execution - Conversation with Service Requester .
 However , that approach does not constitute a full recognition process , for example it is not applicable in non-biometric systems .
 The intersect time MATH is not included , because the intersection at view declaration and not at write .
 The fifth and seventh columns show a significant performance improvement for optimal over poorer matching patterns , for the same matrix size , ranging between 111 % and 295 % for writes to the buffer cache and 111 % and 322 % for writes on the disk .
 We also introduce the following notations .
 The adversary finds two distinct messages MATH , MATH such that MATH : in this case , we have MATH for any message block MATH , if MATH is MDP .
 The likelihood or affinity of the two spectra compared making use of SFF is determined by two factors , the scale factor MATH and the goodness of fit -LRB- GoF -RRB- , i.e. the minimum value achieved by the LS problem in Equation REF .
 With these ingredients , we can define the likelihood or fitting score for two local spectra segments MATH and MATH as follows being similar MATHDISP .
 We also found there are a very low number of connections for the unpopular channels regardless of live TV and TV Series , and the number is only 1-3 at most time .
 See the two examples below which illustrate these concepts .
 Typically , the so called fast marching method is used for this purpose CITE .
 A very simple alternative is to use the so called reinitialization equation : MATHDISP , where MATHDISP , where MATH is a constant often chosen to be about the size of a cell in the grid CITE .
 A high-level overview of the experimental set-up is illustrated in Figure REF .
 We name this proactive and passive switching defense strategy as the two stage Re-WAW model .
 The first stage of two stage Re-WAW model is the same to the Re-WAW model as described with the Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- in Sect . 4 .
 The two stage Re-WAW model switch to the second passive strike-back defense strategy when MATH , the state transition of the second stage with time delay MATH is demonstrated as the Fig . REF .
 Compare proactive and reactive routing methods in terms of when and how routes are established and the communication cots involved .
 However , experiments on larger problems shows that the two behaviours tends to be equivalent with size of the problem growing CITE .
 In order to analyze the truthfulness of the obtained algorithm MATH we need the following preliminary result proved in CITE :
 Most existing middleware APIs lack co-scheduling capabilities and do not support fault tolerance and malleability .
 As we discussed above , there have been some research on mining RFID data .
 The Hausdorff distance between two point sets MATH and MATH is defined as : MATHDISP where MATHDISP MATH represents a measure of distance -LRB- e.g. , the Euclidean distance -RRB- between two points MATH and MATH .
 For sake of completeness we describe here only the most common algorithm for closed queueing models , that is Mean Value Analysis -LRB- MVA -RRB- , that we consider here only for models with single class of jobs -LRB- see Section REF -RRB- .
 For AES this is particularly elegant , since the lookup tables have concise algebraic descriptions , but performance is degraded by over an order of magnitude .
 Software as a Service -LRB- SaaS -RRB- , a key functionality of Cloud computing , brings a number of benefits for users , like on demand deployment of software environment , location independent access and efficient software management .
 It now follows from Proposition REF -LRB- ii -RRB- and REF that MATH if MATH , and that MATH if MATH and either MATH or MATH .
 If MATH and MATH then MATH , so MATH , a contradiction .
 The long term forecast model proposed by Boeing CITE and displayed in Fig . REF , predicts that traffic will more than triple between 2009 and 2029 reaching about 600 billion Revenue Tonne Kilometer -LRB- RTK -RRB- while the fleet will be doubled , shifting toward the use of large wide bodies , that will derive directly from the production of new aircraft , in order to reduce flight costs .
 Hop-by-hop congestion control approach was originally proposed to achieve high performance in wired networks due to its fast and accurate reaction to the congestion status in the network .
 However , its implementation is complex since every node along a path , i.e. , the source node , routers or switches as well as the destination node , needsto be involved in such control .
 However with MAC protocols installed in shared media wireless network , a node may has to detect activities of other nodes in vicinity and even to interact each other .
 Some mechanisms for information capture and exchange between neighbors have been already implemented in wireless networks , for example , an RTS/CTS handshake protocol used by the IEEE 802.11 distributed coordination function -LRB- DCF -RRB- CITE .
 Visualising multispectral imagery is a non trivial task since the resulting colour tristimulus is dependent not only on the wavelength indexed spectral bands but also the spectral sensitivity of the colour sensor .
 It is known that LVI problem -LRB- REF -RRB- is equivalent to the piecewise-linear equation MATHDISP , where MATH is a projection operator from space MATH onto set MATH .
 Non-randomness of MATH :
 In the second round of PRGA however , we have MATH , which demonstrates better randomness , as per the following discussion .
 Data quality issues are an active topic in the Open Street Map community ; a list of initiatives to idenify bugs and improve the quality of OSM data is available in the OSM wiki .
 Nevertheless mash-up designers may care about this kind of problems when working with those kinds of datasets .
 Table REF considers sum of completion time problems , that are known to be polynomially solvable .
 A content process -LRB- as the one schematized in Fig . REF -RRB- gathers multimedia content and prepares it for information retrieval .
 A MIR platform may host multiple content processes , as required for elaborating content of different nature , in different domains , for different access devices , for different business goals , etc. .
 Here , the nodes do not decrease back down to 1 because our contraction algorithm is slightly conservative : Recall that we only contract if two of the lowest loaded nodes account for less than half the space required to store their merged cache .
 The control algorithm of the MATH channel adjusts the channel powers , MATH , towards OSNR optimization using its OSNR value and channel price MATH as feedback .
 The detailed results of maximum latency do not show here due to the length of the paper .
 But the experimental results also show there is no significant improvement can be observed in maximum latency as the maximum distance between the routers may not be shortened after remapping .
 We observe that increasing the number of ghost segments does n't increase the performance , and maintaining only three ghost segments per partition renders good performance .
 As a partition grows , there arise the need for estimating the MATH - values of a high order segment .
 Part -LRB- 1 -RRB- includes all deterministic memory accesses : reading to indices and values of non-zero elements are coalesced ; reading and writing of MATH vector can be easily made into coalesced accesses .
 Part -LRB- 2 -RRB- includes non-deterministic memory accesses : offset into MATH is decided by the column index of the non-zero elements , which is subjected to the matrix sparsity pattern .
 Build such a service , run it on a real cloud platform such as Amazon EC2 or Microsoft Azure -LRB- you 'll need to apply for a free account ; you wo n't need very many nodes or a lot of computing time -RRB- .
 Figure REF depicts a comparison between the theoretical and experimental values of MATH plotted against MATH , where MATH and MATH , and the experimentation is performed over 1 billion runs of RC4 , each with a randomly generated 16 byte key .
 Hence the new cellular automaton is not left expansive .
 Concepts allows us to go beyond the information given or visible CITE , e.g. if a human knows that an object is an apple then he also knows that there is most likely a core inside .
 Since MATH , from Corollary REF we get that MATH and MATH are idempotent matrices and MATHDISP .
 Since MATH is hermitian , we get that MATH and therefore MATH .
 Similarly , from MATH and MATH is hermitian implies that MATH .
 So MATH .
 Intelligent compiler can collect the information on the structure of a set of FoCs basing on regular data structures of numerical algorithms and can provide a runtime system with this knowledge , which should be used for construction of the best way of the fragmented algorithm execution .
 In the model , the radio dissipates MATH to run the transmitter or receiver circuitry and MATH for the transmit amplifier .
 par We illustrate by two grammars generating a finite and infinite language .
 These schemes permit non-monotonic behavior .
 Using the fact that MATH is dense -LRB- w.r.t MATH -RRB- and easy to recognize , we may proceed in one of two ways , which are actually generic .
 Then , MATH , which is a contradiction since MATH by the assumption .
 To take such decisions , the scheduling software usually considers the processing , communication and data access behaviors .
 In this case the relation MATH holds too .
 A MATH node that is not connected to the assigned MWOE from a previous round , sends MATH messages to its MATH neighbors and chooses the lightest edge from the neighbors that have responded with an MATH message and sends its MWOE to its parent -LRB- an MATH node -RRB- .
 If all of its unexplored neighbors have responded with MATH message , it enters MATH state and sends an MATH message with a MATH value indicating it has terminated .
 We say an MATH matrix MATH is invertible if there exist a matrix MATH such that MATHDISP .
 Let MATH be the matrix for a linear map MATH with respect to the bases MATH and MATH for MATH and MATH respectively .
 If the grammar contains nonempty terminal rules of type MATH where MATH , the automaton is modified , to include a new final state MATH , different from those produced by row 5 of Tab . REF , and the move f MATH Right-linear grammar and nondeterministic automaton .
 The SR instances can vary according to a number of different aspects , such as the software used to implement the SR logic , the geographical locations of the SR members , the software used for data dissemination , and specific QoS requirements of imposed by the contract .
 Different instantiations of the same SR schema can differ in the internal organization of their processing logic -LRB- e.g. , centralized vs. distributed -RRB- , or have distinct data protection requirements as dictated by the local governments .
 By making use of coax cables , the data transmission rate was improved , the interference was reduced and networks offering richer services such as cable TV were supported .
 To demonstrate the efficacy of our ranking scheme , we first need to determine the value of MATH in Formula REF .
 Considering the time and calculation cost of sparse representation , we only set MATH from 100 to 1000 .
 We assume that all environments constructed in this proof simply output their view -LRB- i.e. , the transcript of all messages they sent or got and of all their internal states -RRB- .
 Differently from CITE , each formula in MATH contains the relational symbols of both source and target schema -LRB- the integrity constraints are contained in their schemas -RRB- , in order to represent an inter-schema mapping graphically as a graph edge MATH as in standard mathematical denotation of a mapping .
 Differently from CITE , each formula in MATH contains the relational symbols of both source and target schema -LRB- the integrity constraints are contained in their schemas -RRB- , in order to represent an inter-schema mapping graphically as a graph edge MATH as in standard mathematical denotation of a mapping .
 If -LRB- REF -RRB- holds , then MATH , -LRB- REF -RRB- , is strictly diagonally dominant ; from Gershgorin 's Theorem , CITE , it follows that MATH is invertible , and the unique NE solution is MATH .
 Coalitional games CITE are cooperative games , which focus on the behavior of group of players , rather than on individual players in the non-cooperative games .
 A set players , MATH ,
 A set of actions for each group MATH or coalition , and
 Preferences of the player over the set of all actions of all coalitions of which the player is a member .
 The power consumption of a host can thus be defined as MATHDISP
 Since each random nonce MATH and MATH are hashed with the user authentication key MATH shared between MATH and MATH and the server authentication key MATH shared between MATH and MATH respectively , MATH will believe the MATH th random points MATH and MATH was originally sent from MATH and MATH , respectively .
 Then : MATHDISP
 Computational ZK and forward deniability .
 Computational ZK and forward deniability .
 Consider any computational ZK protocol for an NP-complete problem , e.g. the one for graph 3-colorability CITE .
 In the first message the Prover commits to a random 3-coloring of the graph , i.e. for each vertex MATH commits to MATH , where MATH is the color of MATH described as an integer in MATH and MATH is a random permutation over the same set .
 Then the -LRB- honest -RRB- verifier asks for a random edge and the prover decommits , to the colors of the nodes composing that edge .
 The simulator for the honest verifier chooses a random edge , commits to different random colors for the nodes on that edge , and then commits to random colors for the other nodes .
 The simulator for the honest verifier chooses a random edge , commits to different random colors for the nodes on that edge , and then commits to random colors for the other nodes .
 However since the commitments are secure , and only the chosen edge is opened , the protocol is computational ZK .
 However it is not forward deniable .
 Indeed the prover 's state contains the openings of the commitments , and thus the prover can produce information showing that a real transcript is indeed real -LRB- it contains a real 3-coloring -RRB- .
 Then Hermelin and Wu use an equality gadget and unqiue identifiers to preserve the correctness of our construction .
 We apply MATH to the left hand side of the equation , and MATH to the right hand side of the equation .
 However , there is an operational cost to maintain the pipeline without pumping -LRB- pressurized and idle -RRB- ; when the pipeline is stopped , a pumping procedure is delayed , and such pumping procedure will use the pipeline for longer than if no pumping stops were made ;
 Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining -LRB- KDD -RRB-
 International Conference on Data Engineering -LRB- ICDE -RRB-
 IEEE International Conference on Data Mining -LRB- ICDM -RRB-
 SIAM International Conference on Data Mining -LRB- SDM -RRB-
 In CITE we examined the concrete settings , the dimensions of complexity that appear in the Challenge , and reflected on the essence of the observations so far .
 More detailled information on the activity and results so far can be found in CITE , the book collecting the revised results from the first period of the Challenge .
 The key idea in Lcg is to run a Fd propagation solver , but to build an explanation of the propagations made by the solver by recording them as clauses on a Boolean variable representation of the problem .
 The hybrid has the advantages of Fd solving , but inherits the Sat solvers ability to create nogoods to drastically reduce search , and uses activity based search .
 For new normalized cost function defined as MATHDISP it follows MATHDISP Define MATHDISP
 Now , by using an analogue of Definition 4.14 , we can also easily prove the following
 The transitions are : MATH if MATH ; MATH if MATH .
 For instance , Fig . REF -LRB- right -RRB- shows the SNR outage results have been plotted for different antennas -LRB- horn and open waveguide -RRB- , taking into account an Airbus-340 cabin in static conditions CITE .
 You have probably noticed that the number of different classes has started to become quite big , and we 're relying more and more on a certain design of the game software .
 They asked twenty subjects to group 56 gray-scale Brodatz 's textures .
 After more than twenty years since the seminal results in CITE and the result by Goldreich and Micali mentioned below , primitive constructions appear to offer the only available explanation for the lack of progress on efficiency lower bounds for fundamental cryptographic constructions .
 An airfoil MATH at rest in a semi-infinite domain MATH
 A key guess suggested by the pair MATH can be checked by choosing another MATH , asking for the encryption of MATH and MATH under the keys MATH and MATH , respectively , and checking whether the corresponding ciphertexts -LRB- denoted by MATH and MATH -RRB- satisfy : MATHDISP .
 Note that , once the materials are at hand , classification methods can be applied for purposes of classifying the spectra .
 Therefore this chemical substance enables other ants to find food and to continue exploiting it .
 Condition 1 . can also be tested in polynomial time .
 Therefore , the number of operations necessary to test condition 2 . is polynomial .
 MATH , where MATH is an edge variable and MATH is an edge set variable .
 And we train the decision forest by randomly sampling 80 % of the pixels as training data for each tree , and randomly choose 4 features from MATH for the training of the binary test functionals .
 In other case , it sends its age to its master pair .
 The using of the operator having this property can thus be interesting in measurement where we seek a system close to this type of reasoning .
 The completely reinforced operators is a particular class of operators whose have the characteristic to be both positively reinforced and negatively reinforced .
 The only completely reinforced operator that we know is triple MATH developed by these two authors CITE .
 We figure out this triple MATH is also a symmetrical sum .
 Then introduce an adjoint state MATH solution of MATH , so that MATHDISP .
 Then introduce an adjoint state MATH solution of MATH , so that MATHDISP .
 Then introduce an adjoint state MATH solution of MATH , so that MATHDISP .
 All illustration of this procedure is shown in Fig . REF .
 The user invokes WSMX , and specifies the source , destination and carrier for the trip .
 Connected Dominating Set -LRB- MATH -RRB- of a graph MATH is a dominating set which induces a connected subgraph in MATH .
 Mandi , is a step towards this global vision and specifically designed to act as a flexible market supporting multiple negotiation protocols -LRB- such as auctions and commodity market -RRB- and pricing models .
 The true/false value determining the successor of a conditional instruction such as if then else , is typically not represented .
 Likewise , there are other pre-processing algorithms , that while they have not necessarily been applied yet in the context of reduced palette rendering , could be usefully incorporated .
 Examples include : saliency detection to control levels of abstraction CITE ; colorimetric correction to provide color constancy which will ensure more consistent and correct palettes ; colour harmonisation to produce more attractive palettes CITE ; depth estimation to control relighting and other stylisation effects CITE ; intrinsic image decomposition to extract shading and reflectance from an image to enable rendering to better capture the underlying scene characteristics , conversion from a colour image to grayscale whilst attempting to preserve the colour contrast in the grayscale image CITE .
 Divide-and-conquer strategy has been used in mining frequent itemsets .
 The specific algorithm is :
 When the conditions of HRR fields are not satisfied -LRB- elastic unloading and non-proportional plastic loading in cyclically loaded bodies -RRB- , the elastic J-integral is no longer valid to estimates the energy release rate ; in these cases , an appropriate evaluation of the ERR requires the determination of the crack tip-integral MATH with MATH shrinking onto the crack tip ; with the application of the finite element method -LRB- from a point of view of numerical simulations of quasi-static crack propagation -RRB- Eq . REF is no longer useful to assess a criterion of fracture .
 As this information relies on expensive psychophysical experiments a statistical metrics that could predict the results were analyzed .
 The results were successfully validated in an experiment with six additional materials and eighteen observers .
 Thus the continuous repartitioning approach given in section REF is no longer effective in this scenario .
 Although Fiedler did not give an optimal value of MATH for partitioning , the median of the Fiedler vector entries has been used in the literature extensively for this purpose .
 The integration process is extensible .
 Ontologies have been used for publishing information regarding data sources and for aligning it with business needs .
 Ontologies are extensible and thus allowed for the integration process to be easily extended with the change of business needs .
 A number of definitions of orthogonality in vector space were given in literature .
 To use these performance monitoring capabilities a simple custom library was developed .
 Suppose that five computational nodes MATH , MATH are selected from a grid resource topology .
 The computational ability for each node MATH is set to 100 , 200 , 400 , 500 , and 900 , respectively .
 The shrinking parameters MATH of all permutations are consistently set to the values shown in Table REF for fairness .
 Here for each occurrence MATH of variable MATH , we define , beside the machine MATH and the clause job , one auxiliary machine MATH and two auxiliary jobs : a job-shop-type consistency job MATH consisting of two unit-length operations that must be processed on machines MATH in a cyclic manner -LRB- i.e. , machine MATH coincides with MATH -RRB- ; and an open-shop-type assignment job MATH consisting of two operations -LRB- of length 2 and 1 -RRB- that must be respectively processed on machines MATH and MATH in an arbitrary order .
 The next property is the most important one introduced so far , it states that a transaction is certified -LRB- or discarded , respectively -RRB- in the same order at all available sites .
 Hence , one replica can be faster -LRB- i.e. process more messages -RRB- and certify more transactions .
 Thus MATHDISP
 Thus , we conclude that MATH is a Cauchy sequence in intuitionistic fuzzy Banach space .
 -LRB- REF -RRB- with MATH implies MATHDISP for all MATH and MATH .
 otherwise convert the TS tour to the just-in-time schedule MATH for MATH by ordering the jobs in MATH according to the order in which the cities are traversed in the TS tour .
 The last city to visit corresponds to MATH .
 given MATH , compute the schedule MATH for the original instance : the ordering of jobs remains unchanged and jobs in MATH are removed ;
 With the use of RBAC and ABAC , the privacy manager defines the privacy policies , privacy laws , user levels and security levels to control the data access .
 Thus , to describe an individual gait sufficiently , we adopt the Shape Sequence Descriptor -LRB- SSD -RRB- which describes shape information and variation caused by motion , simultaneously .
 In general , the SSD is used for recognizing motion which is presented by the fixed object , or person .
 Thus , it dose not be directly applied to the gait recognition because gait sequences is accompanied with positional change , and , all of features in the SSD is not significant to the gait recognition .
 Just like rewinding intervals , properties of composable blocks guarantee that a `` swap '' will generate a new good random tape ; moreover , these same properties are closed under composition-namely the swapping of one such block leaves other composable blocks intact , even if these composable blocks are not disjoint .
 Then , we define :
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- MATH .
 Because of this dependency and low computational cost of these other equalities , paralelization of other equalities is out of consideration here .
 Therefore , -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- are paralellized .
 Resonant antennas radiate generally a relatively pure polarization due to to clearly defined field or current distribution at the resonance frequency .
 During a broadband radiation the current distribution changes generally over the ferquency , which leads to higher cross-polarization level .
 One of these tapered slot antenna -LRB- also called Vivaldi Antenna -RRB- .
 In order to design a dual-polarized version of this radiator the crossing of two elements is needed CITE , CITE .
 Such solution resluts in an acceptable HF-performance , however the manufacturing is complicated and the devices are sensitive to the mechanical vibrations .
 For that reason another solution is introduced .
 It is easy to see that the above condition is not exact ; for instance any implicit-deadline sporadic task system MATH comprised of MATH tasks with MATH and MATH is -LRB- trivially -RRB- EDF-schedulable on MATH processors .
 Virtualization is the key feature of the Clouds , that allows improving the efficiency of large-scale distributed systems CITE .
 Note that this operation only returns one graph , of all available ones .
 It is possible to relax this approach , in order to remove only the local subsumptions that deeply change the semantics of an ontology , for instance , correspondences which cause two concepts to collapse or enforce a restriction as suggested in Wang et .
 It is possible to relax this approach , in order to remove only the local subsumptions that deeply change the semantics of an ontology , for instance , correspondences which cause two concepts to collapse or enforce a restriction as suggested in Wang et .
 Our results show that the relationship between universal composability and black-box simulatability is more subtle than previously described .
 In particular , composition theorems based on UC do not necessarily imply those based on blackbox simulatability over any computational model in which the forwarding property is not satisfied .
 This is illustrated in figure REF d where we have used a MATH window to compute the disparity map .
 The milp , clp-milp , clp-milps , and clps-milp achieved the value 138 , while the clp model obtained the sub-optimal value 142 after 2 MATH h -LRB- 7200 MATH s -RRB- of running .
 Thus the specification exercise encompasses more than one phase of the software life-cycle .
 Tab . REF summarizes the speedups on the MATH and on MATH .
 Proactive techniques : such techniques stick to the classical idea of building a global solution at generation time , which will never be reconsidered at execution time .
 generate one complete generic schedule which is proved to cover most cases , i.e. to execute correctly in most of the possible situations that will arise at execution time ,
 generate a flexible solution , i.e. in which some decisions have not been made and are postponed until execution time ,
 or generate a conditional solution , i.e. a solution in which various mutually exclusive decisions are developed , the one being effectively chosen being dependent on some condition which will only be observed at execution time .
 Denote by MATH the output of party MATH when MATH quits at round MATH before sending its message -LRB- that is , at round MATH only MATH broadcast its message -RRB- ; likewise , MATH denotes the output of MATH when MATH quits at round MATH .
 Denote by MATH the output of party MATH when MATH quits at round MATH before sending its message -LRB- that is , at round MATH only MATH broadcast its message -RRB- ; likewise , MATH denotes the output of MATH when MATH quits at round MATH .
 If MATH L-reduces to MATH and if there is a polynomial-time approximation algorithm for MATH with worst-case error MATH , then there is a polynomial-time approximation algorithm for MATH with worse-case error MATH .
 Extrapolation of the experimental data , backed up by our model , indicate that the attack has the potential to break up to 28 rounds with a chosen plaintext complexity less than MATH .
 HPC/scientific programmers approach to performance optimization almost always has involved profiling and , thus , profiling is considered as part of the optimization/parallelization process .
 We can take advantage of the usual programmers knowledge of their own programs and profiling tools .
 Under this title in -LSB- P8 -RSB- the class of linear functional operators MATHDISP .
 Under this title in -LSB- P8 -RSB- the class of linear functional operators MATHDISP .
 As described in Section REF , there is an implicit run for each family at time 0 , so that the job-count starts there .
 Thus , Constraint -LRB- REF -RRB- starts from MATH .
 In both constraints -LRB- REF -RRB- and -LRB- REF -RRB- we need to enforce the condition that no setup is needed for the first job , and that the qual-run job-count starts at the beginning of the schedule .
 Next , constraint -LRB- REF -RRB- implies that the sum of processing time , setup time and qual-run time can not exceed the capacity -LRB- available time for processing -RRB- of the machine .
 Second , the key MATH is computed as MATH Notice that , the validity of MATH can be verified by first encrypting some random message MATH with respect to the public key MATH and then by checking if one can decrypt it correctly using MATH .
 This is true only for certain types of size , availability and composition type combinations .
 In-car scenarios Moritz Schack et al. , from Technische Universitat Braunschweig , presented measurements of the UWB channel inside several different cars CITE .
 A compromise between accuracy at disparity borders and accuracy at slanted surfaces is the truncated linear function , i.e. , MATH where MATH is a user-defined truncation value .
 The costs of using two jumps -LRB- from disparity 5 to 10 and from 10 to 15 -RRB- is 6 , while that of the single large jump -LRB- from 5 to 15 -RRB- is 3 , i.e , the single large jump is cheaper .
 Note that if MATH is an `` YES '' instance , then MATH and MATH - should have the form MATH and MATH of MATH entries ; otherwise , we have MATH .
 Remark A. 12 Lately , instead of Hyers 's direct method , fixed point theorems have also been widely used to obtain stability results for functional equations . -LRB- For the origins and some recent developments , see Baker CITE , Radu CITE , Mihet CITE , Park and Rassias CITE , P. G avruta and L. G avruta CITE , Takahasi , Miura and Takagi CITE . -RRB-
 So , in this step there are some communications and synchronization points among processes .
 The parameters have to be estimated numerically using some of the Markov Chain Monte Carlo -LRB- MCMC -RRB- methods for Bayesian or maximum likelihood estimates or a suitable simplifying approximation is to be applied -LRB- e.g. , the least square method or the maximum pseudo-likelihood method CITE -RRB- .
 The toroid shaped image index lattice is assumed to enable fast subspace factor synthesis from model parameters using inverse fast Fourier transformation -LRB- FFT -RRB- CITE .
 The analysis and synthesis of multispectral texture data-space using this method is very fast , however , the use of FFT somewhat restricts this method 's hardware implementation .
 The difference between text mining and structure search , both equally valuable in our opinion , is so great , that we can hardly point to any group that can do both .
 Moreover , the SM ca n't continue the execution of the protocol if the balance is lower than the fee to obtain MATH - receipts from GO , unless the SM 's balance is increased .
 The conventional scheme tries to simplify QoS provisioning by broadcast all TV channels to everywhere at all times no matter whether a channel is being viewed by the user .
 Thus , the proposed scheme tires to let each network node pre-join only a selection of channels , which consists of the active channels and a small number of inactive ones rather than every channel .
 Game 6 is the same as Game 5 , except that we change line D06 , as follows :
 The buffer manager has to replace free pages first to exploit intra-transaction locality .
 Let MATH be the ordering of MATH corresponding to a colourful feedback arc set MATH of MATH .
 Observe that since MATH is colourful , MATH must be the unique topological ordering of MATH .
 Levene and Peterson -LRB- Trail Records CITE -RRB- propose the use of a mobile device to record learning experiences using different media -LRB- for instance , text , video , and audio -RRB- while the visit in different locations .
 Using this lemma , proving a dense schedule satisfies the conjecture can be simplified to proving the existence of not-all-zero MATH - and MATH - values that make the inequality -LRB- 2 -RRB- hold .
 When road following algorithms is aimed at not only lane detection but also lane tracking , the temporal correlation between consecutive frames can be used either to ease the feature determination or to validate the result of the processing .
 Redmill it al. developed an image-based lane tracking system CITE , in which the geometry and width of the current lane ahead of the vehicle are estimated from frame by frame .
 Afterwards , the position and orientation of the vehicle are estimated w.r.t the center line between the two lanes .
 For a language MATH and complexity class MATH we say that MATH Poly if there is a polynomial advice function MATH , and a language MATH such that for all MATH , MATHDISP .
 The preceding equation is admissible considering Conditions REF and REF .
 Since there are MATH states from an initial state to a goal state along any path in the state space it averages to one node per state .
 To calculate the DRT of one node all the incoming edges to the node have to be checked which on average is the density of the task graph .
 The data ready time metric like the computation bottom level metric is useful for task graphs that are structured with medium to high number of edges .
 For the examples shown in the paper , this is the type of multi-pass thresholding that we apply .
 Filter methods :
 These employ schemes to select features without using the classifiers directly in the process ; for example features may be ranked based on correlation with the class labels .
 In this section we will define the terms that we use to describe our algorithm and show how we can use Markov chains to analyze the performance of many on-line bounded-space bin cover algorithms .
 We will not present any new results on Markov chains , but we will use the language of Markov chains to describe the on-line bounded-space bin cover problem .
 Markov chains provide a natural and intuitive way to formulate the on-line bounded-space bin cover problem .
 In the next section we will use the concepts from this section to design an algorithm for the on-line bounded-space bin cover problem .
 Since we are looking at a K-bounded-space algorithms , we can assume that we have , at all times , MATH open bins and write the level of these bins as a vector , called bin-state .
 Since we will only look at bins that have the same demand , we can reduce the number of possible bin-states by assuming that the they are sorted , i.e. for any bin state MATH we have that MATH for MATH .
 The scalability of Nornir using the Random benchmark described in section REF is shown in figure REF .
 This plot shows the absolute running times of a random graph with cycles at different values of MATH , whereas figure REF shows speedup over running time on 1 CPU .
 As MATH increases to 100 , the available parallelism in the network increases , and the running time decreases ; in figure REF we see that MATH achieves perfect speedup on multiple CPUs .
 This is caused by frequent deadlock detections , as witnessed by figure REF , which shows the number of started deadlock detections per second of running time .
 So the goal of protocol MATH is to enable the parties to check whether MATH has distributed the row polynomials in such a way that the MATH point on the row polynomials of at least MATH parties define polynomials of degree at most MATH .
 MATH that is MATH - th coefficient of the ART is computed as equation -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 MATH denotes the basis function computed as equation -LRB- REF -RRB- , where MATH is the angular component and MATH is the radial component .
 The ART coefficient is complex number because the angular component is complex number .
 Degrees of the ART coefficients MATH and MATH which are recommended in the MPEG7 standard are 3 and 12 , respectively , thus , the dimension of ART is 36 CITE .
 However , in this paper , we use MATH and MATH because the radial component is more dominant than the angular component for discrimination in gait silhouette .
 Figure REF shows the basis function of the ART , that is MATH in Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 In the figure , vertical axis represents index of the radial component and horizontal axis is index of the angular component which are denoted MATH and MATH in Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- , respectively .
 MATH that is MATH - th coefficient of the ART is computed as equation -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 MATH that is MATH - th coefficient of the ART is computed as equation -LRB- REF -RRB- .
 Concerning the last one , one needs to address the problems associated to short range links coming from a user carrying a personal `` RF SIM card '' that will allow his/her identification by any device in the surroundings , which will then establish the connection to the network .
 Furthermore , aspects of propagation in - , on - and off-body scenarios need to looked at , as well as the join consideration of antennas and propagation in channel modelling , considering the effects of the body proximity , and movement .
 We have proposed a pipelined parallel algorithm to solve the heaviest part of the MMSE-OSIC decoding problem based on the square root Kalman Filter algorithm .
 The notion of universal one-way hash functions -LRB- UOWHFs -RRB- was introduced by Naor and Yung CITE who showed how to construct UOWHF primitives based on any 1-1 one-way function and proposed digital signature schemes based on UOWHFs .
 The UOWHFs were called Target collision resistant -LRB- TCR -RRB- hash functions by Bellare and Rogaway CITE , a notion which was also adopted by Halevi and Krawczyk CITE .
 Noticing that MATH due to lemma REF , we have MATH .
 In our experiments we selected two different coupling factor MATH and MATH .
 Furthermore , if there is no priori assumptions on possible test data that are expected , it is impossible to generalize and there is thus no better algorithm -LRB- any algorithm will be beaten by some other ones on certain kind of test data -RRB- .
 Therefore , one needs to make a reasonable assumption about the data before deriving learning algorithms and performing theoretical analysis on them .
 Finally , the encoded values are encrypted with proxy re-encryption by using 1248 bit key and frequencies of indexed keywords are encrypted with AES by using 256 bit key .
 Observe that the notion of a critical job plays an important role in the flow shop problem , see , e.g. , CITE .
 The last observation allows us to conclude that the classical partition problem can be reduced to a special case of our problem by setting MATH , MATH and MATH for every MATH .
 Most commercial P2P streaming applications , such as PPLive CITE , PPStream CITE , UUSee CITE and SopCast CITE , use mesh-based P2P infrastructure .
 Quality of DT synthesis can be roughly evaluated using the Kullback Leibler distance , provided we are able to estimate reasonably well the original DT underlying probability density .
 This algorithm does n't always replace a block selected by the OPT algorithm if the block has high miss cost .
 The formulation of energy terms should be done such that each desired or required property of the final result or any intermediate result as well as each constraint imposed is transformed into only one term .
 Energy terms can base on the input data MATH , on the final result MATH , on some intermediate results or on combinations of them .
 In this section we will examine a further example of using randomization/derandomization in parametric algorithms .
 First technologies that allow authors to input content-marked up formulae - and more generally semantically annotated mathematical documents-have been developed , but engender additional effort on the part of the authors , which would only be justifiable , if more services and mashup system were available .
 GASIE means the proposed coding scheme without applying detection components in routers , while GASIE_detection means that the proposed coding scheme applied detection components in routers .
 REF read , REF write , REF ioctl and REF llseek has large code size , that is , they consist of many basic blocks .
 Figure 8 show the experiment result of a thousand times execution on each operation .
 As we mentioned section 3.2 , translated code can be executed as native code .
 Branch instruction requires , nevertheless , additional operation to managing its address .
 The results in Figure REF , REF and REF show that our technique with controlled placement and adjacent RO-pair yields fairly consistent value close to 50 % .
 Analogously to Theorem 16.4 , we can also easily prove the following
 Before ending this introductory subsection , it is worth mentioning here the main contributions of the section as the following .
 According to this principle , the axiom rewriting rules of the grammar have the form : MATHDISP where MATH is the initial stack symbol , and MATH , MATH are the initial and final states , respectively .
 a matrix MATH of state transition probabilities MATHDISP
 Most important , she might clone the wavepackets by using coherent amplification , because for classical light , of course , the no-cloning theorem will not apply .
 Eve might use the following attack -LRB- compare Fig . REF -RRB- :
 The first paper is a joint work with L. B. Wilson , on ternary trees CITE .
 The second paper is joint work with G. Navarro et al. , on optimal binary search trees with costs depending on the access paths CITE .
 all variables MATH set to 0 in MATH and that are non dominated according to Property REF by any other variable MATH set to 0 in MATH ,
 Independent spanning trees can be used in reliable communication protocols CITE , one-to-all broadcasting CITE , the multi-node broadcasting CITE , reliable broadcasting , and secure message distribution CITE .
 Meta-search , where users submit domain-specific queries to a system integrator which in turn routes the query to many other systems which compete for producing the best answer ; results are collected , merged and re-ranked before being shown to the user .
 Other contributions in subspace-based high resolution parameter estimation methods include CITE , where a Root-MUSIC based 2-D estimation algorithm was proposed for cylindrical antenna array configuration , as well as CITE , where RARE CITE was employed for DoA estimation .
 Other than above hyperexponential based models and algorithms , we recently proposed a Fixed Hyper-Erlang model -LRB- FHE -RRB- and developed the corresponding EM based fitting algorithm for long-tailed network traffic to meet the non-monotone p.d.f requirement while maintaining the fitting accuracy and efficiency CITE .
 the FHE model is in the form of Eq . -LRB- REF -RRB- with MATH and MATH denoting the number of phases and the order of Erlang distribution respectively .
 An extension of the previous results to the Fu ci kspectrum of the negative Neumann MATH - Laplacian with weights has been achieved by Arias-Campos-Cuesta-Gossez CITE .
 Furthermore , local processing within the sensor network is used to enable timely responses to changes in operating conditions and determine job migration strategies , such as Uniform Outlet Profile -LRB- UOP -RRB- , Minimal Computing Energy -LRB- MCE -RRB- and Uniform Task -LRB- UT -RRB- CITE .
 Patel , Sharma et al. present some of the early work in datacenter monitoring and management CITE CITE CITE identifying some key inefficiencies in cooling and CRAC configurations .
 Lenchner et al. . CITE describe a robot that serves as a physical autonomic element , capable of navigating , mapping and monitoring data centers with little or no human involvement .
 Whenever it visits a tile , the robot stops at its center , takes a set of sensor readings at various heights .
 The total scan time is about tens of minutes CITE , thus the robot can only be used to measure stable temperature environment in datacenters , while more attentions are paid on hotspots formed in a short time in this paper .
 In order to define this criterion , let us consider that the MATH object of the dataset , MATH , belongs to a given cluster MATH .
 Then , the simplified silhouette of the individual object MATH is defined as : MATHDISP where the denominator is a normalization term .
 The grammar of electronic test_request_form in Table REF , Chapter REF can be expanded in a top down manner to understand the user interaction points in its structure .
 Although the form may be used in different ways , a EFSM model can be given to constrain user interaction behavior in completing the electronic form in a manner that is consistent with the grammar .
 The purpose of user interaction points is to explicitly show the stages of user interaction , a prime concept in user interface design .
 A user interaction point is an environmental state , and must be distinguished from an object state .
 In the EFSM model a circle is used to denote user interaction points .
 Put very briefly , a -LRB- universal -RRB- composition theorem states that whenever one protocol instance is secure , then also multiple protocol instances are secure , even when used in arbitrary contexts .
 Cloud computing is nowadays being used to deliver on demand storage and processing power .
 The internal architecture of the smart object wraper is shown in Figure 3 and consists of the following :
 In S REF we construct good supersingular abelian varieties to use in cryptography , in both large and small characteristic .
 In S REF we discuss some security considerations that arise for the abelian varieties MATH .
 In S REF we discuss the `` primitive '' subgroups of the restrictions of scalars of abelian varieties .
 In S REF we obtain results on the cryptographic security of primitive subgroups in the supersingular case .
 Corollary REF gives an algorithm whose inputs are a supersingular elliptic curve MATH over MATH and a `` suitable '' prime MATH and whose output is an abelian variety MATH -LRB- the MATH - th `` primitive '' subgroup -RRB- over MATH whose MOV security per bit is higher by a factor of MATH .
 For each such connection , we add a spring with rest-length zero between the corresponding cluster-vertices ; we use a sufficiently small spring constant that the intra-stack ordering is not disturbed .
 Thus , the set of states of MATH is the cartesian product of the variable domains .
 We assume that the set of initial states is non-empty .
 Since the root has indegree 0 , this leaves a set MATH of MATH vertices of indegree 1 , with a set MATH of inneighbours of size MATH .
 MATH has all the outneighbours of MATH and hence MATH contains MATH which has outdegree MATH .
 Goddard et al. . CITE modified the rules of MATH such that a node joins MIS if it does not have a neighbor in MIS with higher identifier and leaves MIS if it has a neighbor in there with higher identifier .
 They also showed that the algorithm stabilizes in n rounds using the fully distributed scheduler however makes MATH moves in the worst case .
 A pragmatic approach for obtaining a deterministic top-down parser when the grammar does not comply with condition MATH , is to look ahead of the current character and examine the following ones .
 Services of Aneka can be boradly characterized into two distinct spaces : -LRB- i -RRB- Application Provisioner :
 This service implements the functionality that : -LRB- i -RRB- accepts application workload from Cloud users ; -LRB- ii -RRB- performs dynamic discovery of application management services via the Cloud peer service ; -LRB- iii -RRB- dispatches workload to application management service ; -LRB- iv -RRB- monitors the progress of their execution ; and -LRB- v -RRB- collects the output data , which returned back to the Cloud users .
 A Application Provisioner need not be hosted within a VM , it only needs to know the endpoint address -LRB- such as web service address -RRB- of a random Cloud peer service in the overlay to which it can connect and submit its service discovery query ; and -LRB- ii -RRB- Application Management Service :
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- MATH is the largest even relation contained in MATH ;
 User authentication procedure for computer system logins works in much the same way .
 In this case , access to the one-way function images may be harder for the attacker than the above case , but this information is often sent over the network in the clear to a group of computers , so that each of these computers may allow authenticated logins to a user that has registered at a central server .
 Both parties check every received ciphertext for validity -LRB- i.e , that it is in MATH -RRB- , and abort if an invalid ciphertext is received .
 -LRB- svp -RRB- : support vector machines with polynomial kernel : after a preliminary evaluation , the degree MATH was set to 2 .
 The current shortest path solving algorithm is not suited to that , since it produces columns with minimal reduced costs .
 A further improvement could consist in generating more sets of schedules for the outages using the local search on the set of outage dates found in the first phase of the method .
 It may ask the need of another agent to bring the cup in the kitchen , if it is itself unable to reach the kitchen whose door is closed .
 The CPU resource allocations are handled directly by the VMM schedulers like Credit , SEDF or BVT schedulers of Xen CITE .
 Also , as discussed in CITE the existing CPU resource controls are fine-grained enough to deliver desired performance for CPU-based workloads .
 But for the incoming stream , the control is ineffective since the decision of accepting or rejecting is made after the packet is received by the NIC .
 The CPU resource allocations are handled directly by the VMM schedulers like Credit , SEDF or BVT schedulers of Xen CITE .
 The CPU resource allocations are handled directly by the VMM schedulers like Credit , SEDF or BVT schedulers of Xen CITE .
 Then , since propagation is not complete , i.e. , some values left in the domain can still be inconsistent , search is performed .
 For a survey on existing constraints and filtering algorithms the interested reader can refer to CITE .
 VFC describes the consistency degrees as 3-dimensional consistency vectors MATH .
 MATH bounds the maximum objects divergence in a particular view , i.e. between the objects latest updates and their replicas in that view .
 Assume , for example , that MATH , MATH and MATH , whence , MATH .
 Then MATH where the coefficients MATH depend on MATH , MATH , and MATH , MATH .
 For this he asks you to design a multi-agent system in which each agent controls a virtual robot which can act once per simulation step .
 By comparing REF b , REF c and REF d we observe that an axis-aligned weak-learner produces overconfident predictions in the corners of the space .
 The problem MATH , where MATH and MATH , is conjugated to the problem MATH , where MATH and MATH , i.e. , the equality MATHDISP is satisfied for all schedules MATH , where MATH and MATH .
 As seen from the first row of Table REF , all indices except the MATH performed fairly well on responding the New Mexico image .
 For the Florida image -LRB- given in the second row of Table REF -RRB- MATH outperformed all other indices by having the highest value .
 Figure REF . -LRB- MATH -RRB- shows the single unicast path MATH .
 In this paper our method uses the icon of CISCO routers to illustrate a node in the figures because all our network topologies are built from routers .
 Figure REF . -LRB- MATH -RRB- shows a multichannel path which consists of two single unicast paths MATH and MATH .
 As shown above , the proof goals G1-G4 are accomplished by proof analysis steps -LRB- 6 . -RRB- , -LRB- 3 . -RRB- , -LRB- 4 . -RRB- and -LRB- 9 . -RRB- respectively .
 It can be fit independently to measured BRDF data to produce a physically valid reflectance function that fulfills reciprocity and energy conservation .
 It can be fit independently to measured BRDF data to produce a physically valid reflectance function that fulfills reciprocity and energy conservation .
 WS_RELIABILITY does n't cut any slack for such cases : if any one machine receives and performs a reliable request , every other machine that sees the identical request had better skip the execution step and return a copy of the result .
 But now if you think back to Brewer 's CAP principle , you should be able to see that we 're talking about functionality at odds with the CAP approach .
 A distributed simulation method has been developed and implemented for this model class in addition , which allows the efficient simulation of complex models on a cluster of workstations .
 Intermittent connectivity among the nodes in the network , which turns the assumption of the existence of end-to-end paths , false .
 Such connectivity could be scheduled , for example , a satellite in the Mars ' orbit communicating with the Earth station only at certain times , or could be opportunistic , for example , two smart phones carried by the human beings in an urban scenario communicate when they come in each other 's transmission range .
